You don't have to look for a replacement any more ! These 8000 kinds of products are duty-free
At a regular press conference held by the Ministry of Commerce on January 11 , a spokesman for the Ministry of Commerce said that up to now , there are 15 free trade agreements in force in China , involving 23 countries and regions , covering more than 8,000 imported products with zero tariffs .
At the same time , imported cosmetics , Icelandic salmon , Chilean red wine , ASEAN tropical fruit . . . you don't have to pay a large price for these products .
At present , China has signed 16 free trade agreements with 24 countries and regions , and 15 have come into force , covering more than 8,000 zero tariff imports .
Take agricultural products as an example , with the implementation of the self-trade agreement , consumers can taste all year round from different places of origin , quality and cheap agricultural products .
For example , import duties on tropical fruits such as durian , lychee and dragon fruit in ASEAN are reduced from 15 % to 30 % to zero .
Icelandic salmon import tariff reduced from 10 % to 12 % to zero tariff ;
For wine from Georgia and Chile , import duties are reduced from 14 to 30 % to zero ;
There are also New Zealand beef and milk powder and other characteristics of agricultural products have a substantial tax reduction .
In the case of industrial goods , for example , import tariffs on some cosmetics in Switzerland have been reduced to zero ;
The import tariff on some watches has been reduced by 50 % and will be reduced to zero in a few years ;
South Korea's refrigerators , rice cookers , massages , beauty equipment and other products import tariffs reduced by 40 % , and will be reduced to zero in a few years ;
There are also consumer electronic products , such as a substantial tax reduction .
At the same time , the zero tariff products under the Free Trade Area also include the intermediate products and raw materials needed for the manufacture of many domestic terminal consumer goods , which have also promoted the structural upgrading of domestic consumer goods to some extent .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Commerce said that nearly one-third of China's total imports can enjoy preferential tariff treatment under the Free Trade Agreement , most of which are terminal consumer goods , bringing tangible benefits to consumers .
Further Reduction of Import Tariff on Consumer Goods
Since December 1 , 2017 , China has adjusted the import tariffs on some consumer goods , further reducing the import tariffs on consumer goods , covering food , health products , medicines , daily necessities , clothing , shoes and hats , household equipment , cultural entertainment , daily miscellaneous goods and other consumer goods , involving a total of 187 8 - digit tariff codes .
The average tax rate for these consumer goods will fall from 17.3 % to 7.7 % , almost " cut off " !
From January 1 , 2018 , China has also made partial adjustments to other import and export tariffs .
Import duties on some cosmetics , such as lip balm , eye shadow and perfume , were reduced from 10 % to 5 % ;
After the tariff reduction , it means that consumers do not have to buy on their behalf , let alone go all the way abroad to buy the foreign products they like .
2018 Yiwu Import Shopping Festival : Import red wine , snacks , fruit . . . all cheap !
Outward report : end-of-year U . S . shopping mall rules big difference shopping return to be cautious
China New Network on December 29
As soon as Christmas was over , there was a wave of returns , according to the U . S . World Daily .
More than half of the goods sold last Christmas were replaced , ABC reported .
In addition , a number of readers have been cheated , consumers in the informal website shopping needs to pay more attention .
Generally speaking , large shopping companies have formal and reasonable return procedures , but if you buy gifts or electricity from some small shops , you must be careful .
Ms . Hou of Roland Gunn bought a coat for more than 60 yuan ( US dollars , the same below ) at an online shop selling print coats on December 1 local time , and it hasn't arrived yet .
She sent an e-mail to the customer service , and there was no reply .
Another netizen went on a trip to the United States last year to buy a mobile phone from a third-party seller , and sent it to find it was a box of rubber mud .
When you know you have been cheated , apply for a refund to the website and get a full refund .
But some customers also believe that the website refund service is not 100 % perfect .
Mr . Wang , a Chinese-American resident of Northern California , said he had twice purchased an urgent delivery service for a Web site and four yuan for an urgent service , but neither had been delivered on time .
And then apply for a refund , also did not get a reply .
Large shopping malls or shopping malls have a better return policy .
Most of Macy's products are refunded in full within 180 days .
However , the goods should remain " original " and must have purchase vouchers such as receipts or bank purchase records .
If there are no vouchers , customers can also get store points , which can be used to buy other goods .
Target usually has a 90 - day return period for general merchandise , and electronics are usually 15 days .
However , the period of return of electronic and entertainment goods purchased between 1 November and 25 December 2017 has been extended to 30 days .
It is important to note that the 30 - day refund period starts on December 25 , which is to be returned by January 25 , 2018 .
Extreme shopping experience , the advent of a new era of business circle shopping development
More than a decade ago , our country is still in the seller's market in general , people's choice is limited , the demand is also limited .
But after a decade of development , the market has shifted from the seller's market to the buyer's market . Today's consumer tastes have become more sophisticated , and they are no longer content with simple " hand-in-hand " shopping .
Therefore , how to let consumers get an extreme shopping experience has become the next competitive point for real estate developers .
And among the many factors that affect the consumer shopping experience , the shopping center in the business circle has the most significant influence .
See how city builders everywhere pay attention to the shopping experience .
There are no two exactly the same leaves in the world , no two exactly the same shopping centers , a famous shopping center must have its own characteristics .
Turkey's world-famous Kanyon shopping center , for example , has its unique wave-shaped architectural design inspired by the Grand Canyon , so Kanyon , a homonym , walks through the 200 - meter walk of Kanyon's minister , as if it were in the Grand Canyon .
In addition to the canyon-style design , in the center of the shopping centre , there is a large oval-shaped performance venue with a unique shape and often features performances .
Because of the open platform design , visitors can walk on each floor to look at the activities carried out in the " canyon " , and have the effect of changing the scene step by step .
At home , Nanjing Forest Moore Commercial Street , known as China's first forest stroll , combines shopping with ecology and fairy tales .
The 7000 - square-meter green plaza , the 3,000 - square-meter roof water platform , is composed of nine single buildings . The buildings are connected with each other in the air , and the whole sunken courtyard is designed to create a forest-like feeling by taking the French sycamore tree as the building epidermis and the roof water roof .
Walking into the forest moles , it was like accidentally falling into the rabbit hole in Alice's adventures , climbing along the trunk of the tree to surround the building , the grass , the clear spring , and bring people into the forest full of vitality and vigor .
It also plans to introduce more than 50 top international monopoly flagship stores , more than 100 top international brands and more than 500 well-known domestic and foreign brands in the future , so as to create a business center with a distinctive theme and concentration of service industries .
Not only that , it also integrates the ecology into the building , taking TOD public transport as the guide , integrating fashion shopping , life services , catering , entertainment , education and sports . It also leads the consumers to enjoy the unique " waterfront culture " of Chongqing while providing them with the ultimate shopping experience . It is a perfect combination of shopping and water entertainment and recreation .
It can be found that at present , a number of housing companies have seen the discovery of this new urban business trajectory , and industry insiders say that this consumer experience-centered , how to combine shopping with experience will also be the mainstream of future urban development .
Today's business circle is not only the distribution of goods , more is the integration of art culture , creative theme of the complex , but also bearing people's responsibility to live in the city .
Therefore , while satisfying the needs of consumers to eat , drink and buy one-stop material , maximizing the transmission of cultural and artistic multi-level spiritual needs , giving full play to the livable residential demand , is bound to be the high point of the future development of the business circle .
In Chongqing , Guoxing's northern bank , Jiangshan , is located in the north of the river , near the Guanyin Bridge , bringing together the world's commercial essence , international giants around the ring , first-class brands gathered to connect with the international fashion .
Here step-by-step prosperity , gather the essence of the world ;
Dongyuan Jin Yue has a better shopping environment , Dongyuan Jin Yue near the Nanping business circle , enjoy the west and even the country's leading four-storey three-dimensional transportation system , to enhance the shopping comfort .
In addition , the landscaping of the two pedestrian streets of Huidong Road and Wanda Square has been upgraded , about 300 trees have been planted , 40,000 square meters have been renovated , and the image of the Nanping commercial circle has been improved .
Longhu Lake One , near Chongqing's first low-density waterfront , is surrounded by nine parks , with low density and high openness , making people more willing to stay , stop and enjoy the fun of shopping , rather than being hurried forward by the crowds behind them .
Today's commercial competition will only become more and more fierce , how to kill a bloody road in the same-quality market , to win the future consumer's reputation as a " shopping mecca " , it is worth all real estate developers to think seriously .
Differentiation strategy alone is far from enough , only those developers who really put consumers in their hearts , anxious consumers , want consumers to think , to provide consumers with the ultimate and simple shopping experience can laugh in the storm-hit market .
Of course , in the end , I think the most happy people in Chongqing , with such a good shopping experience and business circle , 10 years ago no one can imagine the prosperity of today .
Matter Festival : Consumerist revelry to cover up real environmental prices
168.2 billion yuan , this is November 11 , 2017 , " Sky Cat Double Eleven Global Carnival " 24 hours , day cat users spend the amount of transaction .
Specifically , after the start of the " double 11 " , in just three minutes , the cat turnover exceeded 10 billion yuan , 6 minutes and 05 seconds more than 20 billion yuan , 9 hours broken 100 billion yuan .
On this day , the total number of payments made by consumers around the world through PayPal reached 1.48 billion , up 41 % from last year .
These consumption will bring 812 million logistics orders .
And whether it is the sky cat net purchase platform or pay treasure payment platform , all belong to Ma Yun's Ali Group .
Ten years ago , no one would have thought that the " Singles Day " subculture created by single young people out of self-mockery on November 11 would be compiled by telemarketers and become today's phenomenon-class " Double 11 " shopping carnival .
On November 11 , 2009 , Alibaba first used the " Singles Day promotion " marketing gimmick : No one is in love with you , so " single dogs " come online to buy it .
The results were surprising , with Taobao Mall trading more than 52 million yuan a day , 10 times the amount of daily transactions at the time .
Since then , " double 11 " has become Alibaba-made shopping carnival , from the beginning of domestic buyers to amuse themselves , to the current influx of businesses around the world , nine years later , the cat " double 11 " million transactions have been more than 3200 times that year , making " Black Friday " dust-free .
Following the wind day cat " double eleven " promotion , there are a lot of electricity business , among them " Jingdong " is the strongest .
" Jingdong " has its own shopping festival " 6.18 " , but there is no " double 11 " impact , this year from November 1 to 11 , " Jingdong " accumulated sales of 127.1 billion yuan .
And " double 11 " , followed by a similar " double 12 " discount carnival , Christmas New Year's shopping season .
Across the New Year , waiting for Chinese consumers are also pre-Spring Festival shopping schedule , Valentine's Day shopping schedule , consumption , will not holiday .
The environmental problems caused by the mass consumption of instantaneous time have attracted the attention of professionals and organizations .
According to the Xinhua Daily Telegraph , at least 300,000 tons of garbage were produced during the " double 11 " period this year , according to the usual conservative estimate of 0.2 kg per pack in the industry .
Liu Hua , director of the pollution prevention and control program at the Greenpeace East Asia Division , told the Chinese and foreign dialogue that this year's " double 11 " cat orders will generate 160,000 tons of packaging waste .
The National Post Office issued a report in 2016 indicating that some 780 million pieces of express mail were delivered during the " Double 11 " period of 2015 ( 11 - 16 November ) , using more than 3 billion woven bags , 99.22 billion packing cases , 16,985 million metres of tape , and the length of the tape can be circled around the Earth's equator 425 times .
This year , the National Post Office estimated that the " double 11 " express business volume is expected to exceed 1.5 billion pieces .
Wang Shi , manager of a garbage incineration center in Beijing , told Xinhua that more than 2,000 tons of waste were entered every day after the " double 11 " and more than the disposal capacity of the incinerator .
The express company has realized that the environmental pollution caused by the express industry is not negligible .
Some e-commerce logistics companies , including Su Ning , have introduced recyclable plastic express boxes before " Double 11 " , which can be re-used as recycling bags for shopping bags and garbage bags , but the acceptance of troubled consumers is not high .
Ma also called on the logistics industry to support " green packaging " and " green logistics " in the micro-blog .
This microblog has reaped more than 68,000 " praises " .
What kind of mobile payment do the Germans want ?
Zhang Dong Fang : The mobile payment war opened in Germany is not expected .
Micro-letter payment and payment of treasure but moved the battlefield to Europe , competitors have not changed , looting positions have not changed--the Chinese , this is also global ?
Where there is a treasure to pay , there must be a micro-letter to pay .
Under an agreement with Wiretard , the German e-payment service , microletter payments officially began landing in Germany in November and are gradually being laid out across Europe .
This foreign reunion of the two " villagers " took place in Europe .
PayPal and microletter payments have been singing all the way along the path of globalization .
For the globalization of China's mobile payment , Ariel consults " China's third-party mobile payment industry research report 2017 " to sum up in two ways : one is through strategic investment , experience export , equity and support foreign domestic mobile payment enterprises .
Second , through the consumption behavior of Chinese tourists abroad , the promotion of mobile payment services to foreign businesses , thus changing the recognition and acceptance of China Mobile payment .
Indeed , the Chinese have the world .
With China's booming economy and a large population base , the spending of Chinese tourists in Europe is a tempting figure .
But this is also doomed , this time in Germany to open the China Mobile payment war is not expected .
Does microcredit pay and pay treasure simply move the battlefield to Europe , competitors remain the same , the position of looting remains the same--or the Chinese , is this also global ?
A more pioneering discussion is whether China's mobile payments will be able to expand its territory in Europe .
Take Germany for example .
The enchanted " New Retail "
Chen Xin Lei , Yang Kaihan : Amazon announced its foray into bookstores and grocery stores as it squeezed into the world's top 10 retailers , both timing and motivation are well worth playing with .
In November 2015 , Amazon opened its first physical bookstore in Seattle , followed by two bookstores in Portland and San Diego .
At the beginning of 2017 , Amazon opened stores in New York and plans to have at least eight stores by the end of the year .
Almost at the same time , Amazon announced that its Amazon Go trial operation , customers do not need to line up to the store , do not need to check out , enter the door sweep code , take the desired goods to leave , the amount of shopping will be automatically deducted from the customer's Amazon account .
As far as Amazon is concerned , it is a great surprise that in recent years there have been frequent movements on the physical store .
As early as 2007 in the " Open Letter to Shareholders " , CEO Jeff Bezos stressed that Amazon would not easily open a physical store unless the following four conditions were met at the same time :
1 . We must be sure that this new opportunity will give shareholders a return on their investment ;
2 . We must make sure that this new opportunity is of great significance to the whole company ;
3 . We must make sure that this new opportunity is ignored by the market ;
We must make sure that in this market , we have enough resources to make customer-oriented differentiation .
Bookstores and grocery stores , the most rickety of the two retail entities , were the first rivals to fall after the rise of Amazon .
Amazon announced its foray into the two physical markets as it squeezed into the world's top 10 retailers . Both timing and motivation are interesting .
Does Amazon's approach run counter to the guarantees in the shareholder's letter ?
Similar voices were heard at the other end of the earth . On the morning of October 13 , 2016 , Ma Yun , chairman of Alibaba's board of directors , delivered a keynote speech at the 2016 Hangzhou Yunqi Congress .
" Starting next year , Alibaba will no longer mention the term'e-commerce ' , " he said .
The era of pure electronics will soon come to an end , and there will be no e-commerce in the next ten or twenty years , replaced by'new retail ' .
The combination of offline and logistics will lead to new retail sales . "
For a moment , " new retail " three words as if by magic , by the industry people often hang in the mouth .
But what does " new retail " mean ?
If it's just a combination of online and offline , then the concept is not new .
In 2016 , eMarketer tracked 180 of the largest operators and estimated total sales of about $ 200 billion , with the largest 25 accounting for more than $ 15.9 billion .
Of these 25 , 18 are traditional retailers ( such as Macy's , Nordstrom , Target , Gap , etc . ) that have only started operating online in the past five years .
And Alibaba Group 28.3 billion yuan to take a stake in Su Ning cloud business , is also in sight .
Globally , retailers and electronics companies are moving from a single channel to a full-channel retail system that covers physical , electrical , mobile and social media .
Is Ma Yun-ti's " new retail " more of a summary than a vision of the future ?
If not , what is the difference between a full-channel concept and a " new retail " ?
Perhaps the crux of the matter is not whether on-line and under-line will merge , but how to fuse .
Looking back at the retail industry over the past 20 years , the rise of e-commerce , like the rise of early discount retailers , has focused on price and convenience .
Relying on these two pain points , the telemarketers moved highly standardized products , such as books and CDs , from the bottom of the line to the top of the line .
With the development of online consumption habits and the continuous improvement of customer experience , the telemarketers have extended their tentacles to other categories , and began to improve efficiency .
In the words of Alibaba CEO Zhang Yong , " using the idea and technology of the Internet to comprehensively reform and upgrade the current total of about 30 trillion social retailers , so that the escalating consumer demand of Chinese consumers can be effectively satisfied , making the whole process of commodity production , circulation and service more efficient because of the extensive use of the Internet and large data . "
Therefore , the electric merchant's road , is a surface light assets , the actual heavy assets of the road .
" Light " means that the burden of fixed assets , staffing and management processes is not as large as that of traditional retailing ; " heavy " refers to the need for huge investment in logistics , warehousing and so on .
The change of the logistics mode ensures the high efficiency of the electricity quotient .
According to the Chinese government network , Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council chaired the executive meeting of the State Council on April 28 . The meeting held that expanding domestic consumption demand is an important measure to stabilize the growth and adjust the structure .
The meeting confirmed that the departments concerned should work out concrete plans on the basis of scientific evaluation .
By the end of June this year , some foreign daily consumer goods with large demand for domestic consumers have launched a pilot program to reduce import tariffs and gradually expand the scope of tax-reducing commodities ;
In the light of the tax reform , we will improve the consumption tax policy for consumer goods such as clothing and cosmetics , and make overall adjustments to the tax scope , tax rate and collection links ;
Add and restore port entry duty-free shops , rationally expand duty-free varieties , increase a certain amount of duty-free shopping , so as to facilitate domestic consumers to buy foreign products in China ;
We will further promote the convenience of customs clearance and tax rebates for overseas passengers , and strictly implement the requirements for the voluntary declaration and tax payment of imported articles in accordance with the law .
To formulate inspection and quarantine policies to support the import of cross-border electricity suppliers , and to clean up unreasonable charges for import links ;
Accelerate the promotion of Chinese product brand promotion project , support entity store development , achieve online interaction .
Standardize the market order , crack down on counterfeit and shoddy , and promote the survival of the fittest .
Let the consumer can be comfortable nearby , convenient shopping .
BlackBerry has not won with hardware for a long time , but there has to be something decent in the face of peer crowding , so there is the Pasport , which was released last September .
SONY ( Sony ) often has a variety of black technology products , such as the flagship 4K reflexive ultra-short focal head , released earlier this year .
Of course , such high-end products are naturally expensive , with 5 million yen equivalent to about 250,000 yuan , enough to buy a car .
Large-scale luxury TV has always been a symbol of the technological prowess of major manufacturers , and the 77 - inch curved 4K OLED TV , which won the award for soft LG , is typical of such products .
This is not just a simple fixed angle surface TV , but a complex device that allows users to adjust their curvature according to their position !
Relying on the 9 mm ultra-thin display panel , LG makes the deformation of the entire plate difficult for the naked eye to detect , thus achieving the maximum curvature of 4000R .
Users simply need to be comfortable with the remote control , allowing the best view of the 77 - inch screen to move with the heart , making it suitable for any viewing scene .
Leica ( Leica ) does not have to say much about its position in the camera field . The Leica T microstrip , which was released last year , features a brand-new T-card port as a lens card for Leica microphones .
In addition to the 23 mm zoom and 18 - 56 mm zoom lenses released in the same period , the Leica M series can be used through the M-Adapter T transfer ring .
Triumph ( Triumph ) accurately grasped the crux of the problem and developed a new type of Magic Wire lingerie .
As a result of the use of a good supporting silicone resin material as underwear ring support , so that the wearer not only enjoy the comfort of non-steel ring underwear , but also obtained the full support like steel ring underwear .
In addition to providing more support to the built-in grid stability network , so as to achieve the perfect fit of underwear , shape the full chest line .
Now LG's home appliances are quite distinctive , the CordZero C5 vacuum cleaner's main wireless tracking feature .
The vacuum cleaner itself is also unambiguous , providing up to 200 watts of suction , and a KOMPRESER dust-collecting compression technology that can aggregate dust into ash to solve the dust problem .
The 6500 QL maintains the 3 M product's consistent good quality foundation , adopts the brand-new design concept .
The unique cold-flow exhalation valve can effectively expel the hot and humid exhalation inside the mask , allowing the user to breathe more freely .
The new fastener design can achieve rapid one-hand wear , convenient for users who need to wear mask frequently .
With a bayonet design on both sides of the mask , it can be equipped with 3 M filter cotton and filter box . It can effectively resist a variety of harmful substances in high pollution environment under the joint action of the mask .
As a helper in kitchen life , Intra Eligo has done her best .
Nespresso proposed this medical stainless steel-made reusable capsule , easy to open filling coffee powder , closed after extraction .
This bold design has succeeded in turning a sensitive medical problem into one that every woman can readily accept .
The car went a step further in Volvo's original safety performance , carrying the latest intersections automatic braking system and road deviation protection system .
Touch-integrated control platform plus Apple Carplay or Android Auto is also more intelligent .
Luxury seven-seat car interior configuration plus a powerful four-cylinder Triv-E engine , should be a lot of business people's choice .
The domestic price 828,000 , already can order in 4 S shop .
As the only product to be selected by China , Air China's luxury business class design is quite eye-catching .
Various interior design factors , such as leisure space , toilet layout , seat design , will give high-end guests a memorable flight experience .
At Apple's spring conference in March , Apple Watch finally met officially .
Its use of all-metal fuselage , Sapphire Mirror ( Sport version of Ion-X glass ) , can support IPX 7 level of life waterproof , built-in heart rate meter , use wireless charging technology .
MB & F , the independent watch-making concept laboratory , brings together a large group of clock experts and art circles to design and create mechanical clocks that break through the traditional concepts .
On January 18 , Alibaba held a high-level dialogue session in Chongqing , announcing that by exploring a new model of " Internet + Poverty Eradication " , it would help promote accurate poverty alleviation and rural rejuvenation .
This is after putting forward the rural strategy , launching the rural Taobao project , on-line Xingnong poverty alleviation platform , the establishment of Alibaba poverty relief fund , Ali once again " added code " to the fight against poverty .
Getting rid of poverty is one of the most important national strategies in China today .
The total eradication of poverty has never been realized in China for thousands of years .
" E-commerce poverty alleviation is a new round of anti-poverty development innovative measures , is the realization of accurate poverty alleviation , accurate out of poverty an important grasp .
The central government attaches great importance to and points out that it can play the role of the Internet in helping to get rid of poverty , promote precise poverty alleviation , and get agricultural products out of the countryside through the Internet . "
As a result , Ali proposed a rural strategy as early as 2014 , along with large data cloud computing and globalization , and listed as Ali's three core strategies for the next 20 years .
In the same year , Ali launched a rural Taobao ( Village Taobao ) project to recruit " village sophomore " in the countryside , leading farmers to get rich through electricity merchants .
In 2017 , Ali worked with the commercial sector to build an anti-poverty channel for agriculture and agriculture . At present , he has docked 13 provinces and 120 state-level poverty-stricken counties .
Ali platform spawned Taobao village , already has 2118 .
Of these , nearly 400 appeared in the poverty-stricken counties of the province and 33 in the poverty-stricken counties of 13 countries .
In 2017 , in Alibaba China retail platform , the national Taobao village sales reached 120 billion yuan .
Mr Zhang said that in the face of a national strategy to combat poverty , Ali had been thinking about how to use the innovative capabilities of Ali's economy , such as technology , big data and cloud computing , to make a new way out of poverty .
Among them , village Taobao is the main load-bearing platform for Ali electric merchants to get out of poverty , and went through a direct-selling Internet to get out of poverty new link .
In the planting link , the village Taobao and the ant gold clothing jointly carry out agricultural capital agricultural tools and small loan support .
In 2017 , of the 832 state-level poverty-stricken counties , ant gold clothing served 795 , providing them with convenient payment , credit and other services .
The rookie solves warehousing and logistics , the day cat is responsible for sales , Ali Yun's large data feed back to guide agricultural production , further improve the supply standard , quality and market competitiveness of agricultural products .
The development of electric business out of poverty requires not only products , sales channels , industrial planning , but also talents .
By offering e-commerce courses at Taobao University , Ali taught farmers standardization , quality and large-scale planting methods , and realized the combination of " help-the-poor " and " help-the-mind " so as to keep farmers out of poverty on a sustainable basis .
These courses already cover about 92 % of state-level poverty-stricken counties .
But " commonweal mentality , commercial means " the thought of getting out of poverty , also can guarantee Ali in the help-the-poor time to achieve " true help-the-poor " .
Ma Yun , chairman of Alibaba's board of directors , once said that poverty eradication should be divided into three stages : poverty alleviation , poverty eradication and enrichment .
Poverty alleviation is to teach people to fish , to get rid of poverty is to teach people to fish , to get rich is to create a " fish pond " for farmers , so that farmers can have fish to feed .
Electric business-driven industry to help the poor , is to build fish pond .
In the industry help-the-poor , Ali and Shaanxi Luochuan cooperation to create the Luochuan apple industry anti-poverty model , has been the relevant departments as an example of replication and promotion throughout the country .
Ali electricity business poverty alleviation work has also been recognized by the decision-making level .
Alibaba as the representative of the e-commerce enterprises have been posted , through the online channel , to ensure that farmers increase production and increase income .
Some village sophomore and ant gold workers have also been invited to the United Nations and Africa to share the experience of electricity merchants getting out of poverty .
At present , the China Office of the United Nations World Food Programme , together with the village Taobao , in Anhui and other places to carry out e-commerce industries to help the poor .
Sina Financial News was held on January 16 by Zhang Li , director of the Institute of Electrical Businessmen of the Ministry of Commerce , and co-organised by the Ali Research Institute and the China Vision think-tank , the Third Congress of the New Economic think-tank , which was held on January 16 , and delivered a speech by Zhang Li , director of the Research Institute of the Ministry of Commerce .
She believes that our globalization actually ignores the most important issues , that is , the body and use of globalization , and the stage of globalization .
In this way , many people believe that globalization has stagnated , and that many developed and developing countries , in the new stage , have different attitudes towards globalization , which is different from the model .
The second concept is the question of the medium-term phase of globalization . What are the constraints on the medium-term phase of globalization ?
Restricted by the economic environment foundation , it is precisely because the economic base has changed the globalization has been restricted .
Zhang Li believes that the global economic adjustment at the end of 2017 basically ended , after 2018 will enter a new round of growth period , the next round of growth must be driven by raw products .
Beijing's first fresh supermarket , 7FRESH , recently opened , with plans to lay more than 1,000 stores across the country over the next three to five years .
In addition to Ali's box of Ma Shengsheng , Yonghui's super-species , Su Shengsheng of Su Ning , Meimei's palm fish fresh and so on , " new retail stores " began to pile up , and in the innovative model and even the price of each other " call board " .
Fresh supermarket competition to upgrade , has become a phenomenon-level topic in the new retail field , where is the new retail ?
" We will quickly enter the country in 2018 . There will be a lot of shops in Beijing , Shanghai and Hangzhou before the Spring Festival . "
Box Ma Shengsheng CEO Hou Yi on the 10th at the second new retail summit revealed the 2018 " new play . "
" From 2018 onwards , the box horse is not just a fresh electricity dealer , but a lifestyle supplier that satisfies the instant service of the consumer .
Under the core mode line is the drainage , the experience , the line is the real sale . "
Unlike the traditional bazaar , supermarket , box Ma Shengsheng in the eyes of many consumers is a fun and delicious " net red shop " , even some intermediary organizations hit out the concept of " box area room " .
On-line e-commerce platform and under-line retailers each have advantages and disadvantages , but consumers appear in a variety of channels , so both sides are trying the full channel mode .
Industry believes that in the context of the consumption upgrade , 2018 " box horse " stores will be more and more .
And the box horse from the original fresh continue to explore more consumer areas , foreshadowed in the new year , the retail market will appear more innovation .
" For example , the online combination of the business model , attracted the attention of consumers , all over the opening of the fresh supermarket is also a good call . "
" But no matter how much these relationships are said , no matter how ostentatious they are , I am willing to pay for them when it comes to whether you have brought a good experience to the consumer or not , " he said , adding : " I am not willing to pay for them until I have had a good experience . "
In the new retail environment , consumer habits have changed and demand for purchases has changed , according to Yuan Bin , co-CEO of Da Yun Feifei Cattle Network .
The original pure line , the line is split under the line , the line to defeat the line , the line to counter-attack line , is now hand in hand , because the consumer has no line below the line distinction .
The rush of capital into the bureau , so that the current fresh supermarket as the representative of the new retail gunpowder .
According to the analysis , the new retail competition in the first-tier cities is far from the Red Sea pattern , and there are still a large number of second-tier cities to be excavated , the market still has a great opportunity and space .
Different types of industries for the new retail layout , will bring the new retail development into a diversified state of development .
CCTV Financial Channel , in conjunction with the Institute of Financial Strategy of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , has combed out a dry goods , which is this heavy annual report on the development of China's electricity business .
In the past year , what kind of report card has been issued by the Chinese telemarketer ?
What are the trends in the global electricity industry ?
Let's find out for everyone .
Total sales again record-breaking growth rate back to the accelerated track
Since 2006 , China's online retail sales can be said to have been showing super-fast growth , it is estimated that at that time the online shopping is very fresh , do not go out can also buy things , too cool !
But since 2013 , online retail growth has started to fall below 50 % , for the first time below 40 % in 2015 and 26.2 % in 2016 .
But things are different this year , with online retail sales accelerating again , with growth rebounding to 34.2 % in January-September .
Much higher than the growth rate in 2015 and 2016 .
Maybe people go for a walk around and find it more enjoyable to buy or buy .
Among them , physical goods online retail sales of nearly 5.08 trillion yuan , service online retail sales of nearly 1.49 trillion yuan .
The proportion of total retail sales of social goods reached 13.6 percent , an increase of nearly 3 percentage points year-on-year .
Students , do not doze off , draw the point , service online retail sales is definitely a great achievement !
Second , the French Internet users who love to chop hands , per capita net purchase of $ 1925 , and they buy the most goods online , is clothing , is worthy of a fashion-loving country .
The favorite online shopping , must be young people ?
On November 4 , Pan Hong , Deputy Director of the Administrative Committee of Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Industrial Park , signed the " Contract for Investment and Construction of Ke Heng Production Base Project " on behalf of Qing Yuan and Zuo Haibo , President of Ke Heng New Energy Technology Co . , Ltd . , Yingde City .
The project is located in the high-tech industrial base of Qing Hua Yuan . It is mainly engaged in the production of lithium-ion battery cathode materials . It is expected to enter the trial production stage in May next year , with a total post-natal output value of more than 3 billion yuan , and can drive the industrial chain of the enterprises to gather the high-tech industrial base of Qing Yuan and accelerate the development of the industrial base .
It is not uncommon for a film to go from preparation to release for a year or two or even a few years .
Animated film " Big Fish Begonia " recently announced that it will be released on July 8 , from the preparation to the release of the film for 12 years !
" Big Fish Begonia " original author Liang Jun , 21 - year-old from Tsinghua University thermal power professional study , and close friend Zhang Chun created the other side of the sky , in 2008 won a million-dollar venture capital , launched the animation film debut " Big Fish Begonia " .
The film has won many awards at home and abroad in the creative sample stage , and has been included and praised as " one of the most outstanding works of art " by the Pompidou Contemporary Art Centre in France .
Since it took six years from creativity to production , the film has been known by millions of fans looking forward to its release as a " pit of the gods " .
" Big Fish Begonia " tells a fantasy story that belongs to the Chinese . With the release of the trailer , it brings new expectations to all viewers .
" I've only done this for 12 years , and now it's gone from a dream to a reality . I'm nervous and excited , " Liang said .
" I'm going to drive the team crazy trying to use one-fifths of someone else's budget to make exactly the same picture as everyone else , " Zhang said .
The 3 - D Family Animation Film " Bean Fook " premiere in Wuhan on 25 , " Bean Fook " director Zou , " Bean Fook " animation director Meng wisdom , film music producer , Emmy Award winner Tom Disher all appeared on the scene to share the behind-the-scenes story of the film creation .
From the story of Liu An , the king of Huainan in the Han Dynasty in Chinese traditional culture , he was born out of the traditional allusions of " Liu An made bean curd , made by mistake " and told the story of the hero , " Bean Fu " , who was transformed from a bean into a human figure , overcame many difficulties and persisted in practicing fairy dreams . The film is deeply rooted in the local culture of Hubei Province .
Wudang Mountain in Shiyan City , Hubei Province , is one of the world's cultural heritage sites announced by the United Nations , as well as the birthplace of Taoist culture and Wudang Wushu , known as " the never-ending win-win situation , the first fairy mountain in the world " .
Director Zou revealed that in the early stage of the film creation , he and the main creative team went to Wudang Mountain to gather the wind .
He said that the story of " Bean Fu " took place during the reign of Emperor Wudi of the West Han Dynasty . Under the background of Emperor Liu An of Huainan , the protagonist of the film , " Bean Fu " , was a bean that accidentally turned into a human form when Liu An was refining Dan .
In addition to Wudang Mountain , the birthplace of Taoist culture , Hubei also has a deep origin with China's long-standing traditional musical instrument , the bell .
" The White Night Couples " Yang Yang Yang and Liu Yifei showed up at a press conference in Beijing yesterday on the upcoming movie " Peach Blossom in the Third World " , which will be released on August 4 .
Yang Yang , who had just had surgery on his right ear a few days ago , showed up for the first time after he recovered from the injury . He interpreted his role as " happy anger is not in color " , always paying for the white light silently , hiding all his feelings in the bottom of his heart .
" It's a new challenge for my performance , and I'm really about to choke in the act , " Yang said , adding that he needed to muster a whole body of emotion to pass on the character's pent-up sadness to the audience , adding that " it's a new challenge to my performance , and I'm really about to choke in the act " .
Liu Yifei revealed that at the time of the film , he simply " cried miserably " , once cried to collapse .
Taiwan's hot-blooded youth film " The Cafe Six " , starring Dong Zijian , is the media awards competition film of this film festival , and another Chinese-language film " The Delan " , starring him , is also shortlisted in the main competition unit to compete for the Golden Viscount award .
The 23 - year-old , dressed in a camouflage T-shirt , black sports pants and youthful sunshine , sat down directly on the floor because there weren't enough chairs in the interview room and said , " Come on , it's good to talk like this . "
The night before , Ali Music 2016 Rolling Stones Original Orchestra Final was held at Guangzhou Central Station . Finally , the " Every Tuesday Afternoon " Orchestra won the title with a song " He doesn't want to live in a dream , but lives in a dream forever . " Like all liveshow , they try their best to use their songs , movements and shapes to convey their emotions and shout for " freedom " .
That night came five well-known musicians as judges , respectively Peng Junxin , Yan Chung-kun , Li Chi , Zhu Qi , and " stuffy singer " Yu can only .
Before the interview with the Yang Cheng Evening News reporter , Yu can only drink a sip of wine , she felt that this will say a few more words . " Quick Girl " , " time boiled rain " , rolling stone , day entertainment . . . . is the key words attached to her by the market , she also tried to protect the pure land of her heart .
This is also the true state of life for many singers at the moment-knowing what the market needs and what they like .
According to the Market Star report , from 2005 to 2011 , the GDP of our province rose from the middle to the bottom of the table in one fell swoop .
However , there are still some difficulties in the economic growth of our province , such as low investment efficiency and lack of core competitiveness of the industrial economy . Therefore , the latest issue of the Economic Blue Page of the Provincial Economic Information Center suggests improving the quality and efficiency of economic growth .
Based on some representative indicators of the economy of our province in 2005 and 2011 , it is compared with the whole country and the central region .
In terms of industrial economic benefits , in 2011 , a considerable proportion of high energy-consuming industries such as industrial energy and raw materials in our province were affected by market fluctuations and " double pressure " of overcapacity . At the same time , the lack of innovation in leading industries such as home appliances and automobiles resulted in meagre profits .
But the large amount of investment did not bring the corresponding economic benefits , it is the important reason that causes the economic growth quality and the benefit of our province is not high .
In this regard , experts suggest that effective measures should be taken to encourage enterprise innovation , and the scientific and technological achievements of universities and scientific research institutes should also be transferred to enterprises in a timely manner .
For the industrial economic benefits are not high , experts said , we should also actively promote industrial merger and reorganization , optimize the industrial layout , and extend the industrial chain .
July 26 : On July 22 , the reporter learned from the Hongqiao District that the city's largest along the river zonal park , Hongqiao District South Canal on both sides of the green landscape upgrading works completed and free of charge to open to the public .
Based on the advantages of natural ecology and historical and cultural resources , the whole landscape belt has re-planned and upgraded the two sides of the South Canal to create five river views along the West Corridor of the West Corridor of the West Corridor of Xintiandi Street , Wellington Square , Tianzi Jindu Site Park .
About 1,500 metres of plastic walkway was also laid in the riverside green space between Jinhua Bridge and the new three-stone bridge , with distance marks on the walkway .
In addition to planting a variety of flowers and trees on both sides of the corridor , a children's playground has been built , and a number of groups of sculpture sketches have been set up .
It can be found that the shore has also built seats , walkways , bridges , pro-level platforms and sand pools for children to play with , so as to integrate the green landscape and water systems on both sides of the Straits , providing another good place for leisure , fitness and entertainment for the public .
Last May , the classic American drama " Pride wife " with " A sister " Alicia received a slap in the face officially declared the end of the seven-season drama .
For many , it was the best legal drama they had in mind , with an average of more than nine points for the seven seasons , whether IMDb or Doudou .
In addition to the first season of rotten tomatoes , the other six seasons of freshness are up to 100 % .
At the time of the loss of pride fans , CBS online channel launched a new series of " Pride and Good Wife " derivative drama , " The Battle of Pride " .
On IMDb , the score beat not only the many American dramas aired in the same series , but also the seven-season mother drama " Pride and Good Wife " , and for the first time broke the spell of the derivative drama " Dog Tail and Sable " .
January 3 news : The reporter learned from the Guangzhou Flower City Office yesterday that the welcome spring flower market in 2008 will start bidding in recent days .
Huadu District last month 29 , 30 , respectively , orange position and flower position bidding .
The Yuexiu District Archives are organizing and collecting hundreds of old photos of the historic city of Yingchun ( dating from 50 to 60 years ago ) . An exhibition will be held on January 8 , 2008 at the Yuexiu District Cultural and Arts Centre . When the city of Yuexiu begins its construction in late January , the old photos will be moved to the Piazza of Beijing Road .
In addition , the Yuexiu District Cultural Bureau will hold a flower city forum to invite the old leaders of Guangzhou , social folklore experts , celebrities and old neighbors of Beijing Road to talk about the history and future development of the West Lake Road Flower City on Beijing Road .
At that time , the flower city forum will contact the network media to carry on the webcast , synchronizes with the citizen to carry on the interaction .
In addition , the online flower market is also opened , using the community information network , to enter the Beijing Road business circle and the West Lake Road flower market visitors to send a short message about the flower market , and can use the mobile phone to access the " online flower market " .
Promotion of environmental protection Yesterday , the Xicheng District held a " Green Homestead , Yicheng West City " large-scale environmental voluntary service theme activities
Unlike the traditional way of picking up trash and distributing promotional materials , the organizers have set up six game experience areas , including water-saving toilet displays , enzyme-making experiences , traffic dominoes and so on .
On May 18 , the Ministry of Finance promulgated the " Measures on the Administration of Supplementary Funds for Special Awards for Structural Adjustment of Industrial Enterprises " , which will arrange special awards to promote the elimination of excess capacity in the coal and iron and steel industries , with a total amount of 100 billion yuan .
Recently , several local governments , such as Shanghai , Shanxi , Shandong , Jiangsu and Heilongjiang , have put forward some suggestions on how to defuse excess capacity .
Among them , many provinces have even suggested that the central government should actively seek financial support for their provinces to go to capacity .
One example is that coal-to-capacity targets , announced in just eight provinces , stand at 90 % of the nation's plans to cut coal production .
In an interview with reporters , Lin Boqiang , director of the China Energy Policy Research Institute of Xiamen University , said that the " go-to capacity " of the steel and coal industries is far from enough to rely on 100 billion yuan from the central government , and more funds need local governments and enterprises to solve the problem . How to solve the problem ?
Shanxi Province recently announced the implementation rules of coal production capacity to reorganize Shanxi Coking Coal Group into a state-owned capital investment company , reorganization and integration of the assets and operations of enterprises , and the construction of a brand-new business model .
The actual shortfall could be three times as large as the subsidy , said Yin Yumin , minister of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security , adding that the initial statistics on " capacity-to-capacity " were 1.3 million people in the coal system and 500,000 in the steel system .
" A billion parcels a day , not more than eight years , are expected to happen in about six or seven years , " said Ma Yun , chairman of Alibaba's board of directors at the 2017 Global Intelligent Logistics Summit in the small town of Yunqi in Hangzhou yesterday .
At the conference , the rookie network launched a brand-new brand logo and ACE Green Intelligent Logistics Vehicle Program , and announced the creation of millions of " smart " new energy logistics vehicles with a number of well-known car companies . Currently , new vehicles have been tested in Shenzhen and Chengdu , saving more than 20 % of the cost .
In 2016 , China Express has achieved a continuous six-year growth rate of more than 50 % , an average of 80 million parcels a day , and can also change delivery time .
The reporter learned from the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club that recently , the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team won the 4th place in the National Youth Basketball League Finals in Beijing .
The Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team is made up of 11 local players . The head coach is the assistant coach of the Lhasa Pure Land Men's Basketball Team .
The Tibetan " basketball boy " before heading to Beijing for the finals .
Liang Junchao , general manager of the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club , told reporters that compared with last year , the performance of the team has improved , the confidence of the players and the confidence of the players have improved significantly . The exchanges between players and other teams have also been more comprehensive , and there has been more on-court and off-court exchanges and more relaxed .
After the match , captain Jiang Zuo said he hoped to gain experience by participating in the competition and do his best for the basketball cause in Tibet .
It is understood that in the Beijing game , the players have overcome such factors as low altitude drunk oxygen , showing the image of Tibet .
At the first anniversary of the implementation of the Regulations on the Control of Smoking in Beijing this morning , the representatives of young students who won the National Youth Tobacco Control Video of the Declaration interact with Huang Xuan , Ambassador of the National Tobacco Control Publicity Image , and reviewed the video of the solicitation activities and the exhibition of the award-winning works .
French evening reporter learned from the event , young actor Huang Xuan was appointed as the national tobacco control publicity image ambassador .
Huang Xuan has smoked since he was exposed to the University . After fully recognizing the dangers of smoke , he has successfully quit smoking . This time , he has taken on the role of ambassador to quit smoking and called on young people to stay away from tobacco .
The 68th Emmy Awards ceremony was held in Los Angeles yesterday ( the night of September 18 , local time ) .
This year's drama " see the emperor " after the fierce competition , the two newlyweds defeated a number of old actors : the best actor award by the first nominated " hacker Legion " actor Lamy Marek , the best actress by the " black orphan " Tatiana Slavani won the award .
The big winners of this Emmy award are " Game of Power " and " American Crime Story " .
" American Crime Story " won a major prize in the mini-drama / television film category , while " Power Game " won 12 awards ( including technology ) , including the best drama series , best director and best screenwriter three pound awards .
So far , the " Game of Power " has won 38 Emmy Awards , becoming the most Emmy-winning TV series in history .
Unfortunately , this year's " game of power " has failed in the actor awards .
New Measures of " Dissolution of Colleges and Universities " in Beijing : Tens of thousands of teachers and students from the North Chemical Industry will be admitted to the new campus in Changping
The opening ceremony of the new campus of Beijing Chemical University was held on the 2nd in Changping District , Beijing , and the 1,800 - acre green campus was officially put into use .
The reporter learned from the ceremony that in recent years , in order to strengthen the core functions of the capital and manage the " disease of big cities " , under the background of the coordinated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei and the elimination of non-capital functions , Beijing has accelerated the development of the central city colleges and universities to the suburbs , and some university teachers and students are gradually moving to the new campuses of Shunyi , Daxing , Fangshan and other suburbs .
North chemical new campus is located in Changping Nankou Town , covering an area of 1800 mu , 40 kilometers from the urban area , is one of the key projects in Beijing to solve the non-capital functions .
The new campus is divided into three phases . At present , the first phase of construction has been completed . The second phase of construction is expected to be fully launched by the end of this year . Upon completion , the project will meet the needs of nearly 20,000 undergraduates , graduate students and faculty members for study and life .
May 29 , the first China Fireworks Safety and Environmental Protection Expo will be held in Liuyang .
The event revolves around the theme of " Science , Technology , Safety and Environmental Protection " for a period of two days . At that time , the most advanced firework machinery in the national fireworks industry , the most safe and environmentally friendly raw materials and new products will be gathered in Liuyang .
This Expo will invite a large number of experts , entrepreneurs , fireworks industry academic exchanges , share fireworks safety and environmental protection latest technological achievements .
Among them , the mechanized production equipment of fireworks and the display of safety and environmental protection products will be carried out in Dayao Town . The main exhibitors include the production of safety and environment-friendly personal discharge products such as drug-related machinery equipment , low sensitivity , low explosive energy , sulfur-free and micro-smoke .
At the same time , the display of fireworks safety and environmental protection products jointly sponsored by 16 fireworks enterprises in Liuyang will be divided into two stages : product selection and product display . The outstanding new products selected through the pre-selection will be displayed on the evening of May 29 at Liuyang City fireworks viewing platform and Jintan display site .
In order to optimize the environment of the scenic area and build a beautiful South Yue , recently , the " 636 " voluntary service brigade of the tobacco bureau ( branch ) of Nanyue District launched the " mountain forest protection , care for the homeland " environmental protection activities .
The activities not only received the support of all the cadres and staff of the District Tobacco Bureau , but also attracted retired cadres and family members of the staff and workers to participate in the environmental protection practice . The three generations of old and young people worked together to protect the forest , clean up the garbage and contribute their part to the construction of the " beautiful South Yue " .
This volunteer activity aims to protect the landscape resources of Nanyue and promote the concept of " caring for others , caring for society and caring for nature " . It also enables the next generation to receive education from childhood and pass on the virtues of voluntary service .
It is reported that since its establishment in early April this year , the " 636 " voluntary service brigade has developed 16 members , and has carried out a series of voluntary service activities such as visiting disabled retail customers , helping tobacco farmers to care for tobacco leaves , Ya'an earthquake love donation and so on , thus becoming a volunteer force that conveys positive energy by heart .
In recent years , our city has encouraged enterprises to take an active part in the construction of national , industrial and regional group standards , awarded 300,000 yuan to enterprises that mainly or participated in the formulation of Zhejiang manufacturing group standards , and awarded 500,000 yuan to enterprises that have passed the Zhejiang manufacturing brand certification , which is the highest amount of this award in the whole province , which has stimulated enterprises to participate in the enthusiasm for the target .
A few days ago , in the production workshop of Wang Li Group , Gao Jian , who is in charge of the group's system , together with his staff , is packing a burglar-proof safety door seal box as a sample of the standard work of Zhejiang manufacturing group , ready to be sent to Shaoxing Quality Inspection Center .
Just two days ago , Wang Li has passed the on-the-spot audit of the " Zhejiang Manufacturing " Certification Expert Group .
Gao said the professional team , composed of industry technical experts and quality certification organizations , praised the group's achievements in core areas such as quality excellence and independent innovation , and agreed that the company would be one of the first companies to pass the standard as long as the product passed the test .
Wang Li Group is just a microcosm of the transformation and upgrading of the standard crowbar industry .
Our city and its simultaneous development of Zhejiang manufacturing group standards and standards of the work is also step-yang , group-Sheng Group .
Since the Zhejiang manufacturing team standard set by our city's anti-theft safety door industry last year , Star Moon , Xindo and other enterprises are also actively applying for docking work .
The International Symposium on New Energy Development and Technology , jointly organized by the State Grid Corporation and the International Electrician Commission , was held in Frankfurt , Germany .
At present , it has become a global trend to accelerate the development of new energy and promote the clean and low-carbon transformation of energy .
As for the large-scale development and utilization of new energy , there are many problems and challenges , such as system security , long-distance transportation and technology economy , which need to be faced and solved .
Shu Yan Biao , chairman of the State Grid Corporation , revealed that the State Grid Corporation is planning to expand the size of the synchronous grid , strengthen the existing regional grid interconnection , and increase the cross-area transmission capacity to about 350 million kilowatts by 2020 .
It is reported that Chongqing currently has 18 shale gas exploration rights established by the Ministry of Land and Resources and the first shale gas mining right in China--China Petrochemical Fuling shale gas field .
By January 2017 , the city of Chongqing had drilled 368 shale gas wells ( excluding parameter wells ) and put into production 261 . Recently , with the good news that four shale gas exploration wells in the south of Pingqiao area of Nanchuan , Sinopec , China , are producing more than 200,000 cubic meters a day , the world's first commercial shale gas field outside North America is expected to build 10 billion cubic meters of production capacity this year in accordance with the plan .
It is understood that 10 billion cubic meters of shale gas field is equivalent to a 10 million-ton large oil field .
It is understood that shale gas , as a clean energy source , can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 12 million tons a year after the completion of the 10 billion square shale gas field .
On the 16th , around 10 a . m . , there was an explosion at Shuangma Chemical Plant , Dongchen Town , Rugao City , Jiangsu Province .
Reporters from Rugao Municipal Committee Propaganda Department learned that on-site rescue is in progress , the wounded have been rescued one after another .
At present , the specific casualties are unknown , the cause of the explosion is under investigation .
Since the second half of 2009 , Xiaoshan flower and wood sales ( volume ) have maintained a high trend , especially this spring , Xiaoshan seedling sales hit a record high , sales have increased greatly , and prices have soared . According to statistics , from January to June this year , sales of seedlings in Xiaoshan area have increased by 48 % over the same period last year , the biggest increase in nearly 20 years .
Shi Haiyong , deputy director of the Forestry Bureau of Xiaoshan District , said that along with the good sales situation , Xiaoshan flower and wood production has also achieved a relatively rapid development .
In the past two years , the planting area of Xiaoshan flowers and trees has expanded by 30,000 mu , and the total area has reached 180,000 mu . At the same time , Xiaoshan Miao farmers have been actively developing outside the region , setting up 80,000 mu of flower and wood bases in various parts of the country , an increase of 30,000 mu over 2008 .
With the expansion of the planting area , the quality of the seedlings has been improved , the value of the nursery has been continuously improved , the large size and high quality of the seedlings have been retained more , and some of the seedlings have been reluctant to sell .
Shi Haiyong also reminded that in the face of the current boom in production and marketing , producers should be calm , objective analysis , not only to see the social demand for flowers and trees will be long-term , constantly increasing , but also to recognize that the market competition will be more intense .
On May 15 , the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and Deputy Governor Gao Jianmin conducted an investigation and investigation in the Provincial New Energy Development Group on accelerating the comprehensive management of the gasification of Shanxi and coal-bed methane resources .
Relevant departments , such as land and resources , should take the initiative to serve , focus on the overall situation of the work of the transition comprehensive reform test areas , and actively seek national policy support .
The reporter learned that adding natural or plant-derived alginate , humic acid and amino acid synergistic carriers to urea production process can improve the efficiency of traditional urea . The utilization rate of alginate urea , zinc humic acid urea and gluten urea is 5 to 10 percentage points higher than that of ordinary urea .
Environment-friendly , crop yield potential is obvious , especially large particle value-added urea is BB fertilizer high-quality raw material .
The final issue of the 4th season of " Run Brothers " has been recorded . Deng Chao , captain of the " Run Men's League " , received a micro-letter interview from Shenyang Evening News and Shenyang Net reporter on May 30 , from " Xueba " in " Run Man " to " Scoundrel Angel " , and then to " decadent man " Chen Mo , Deng Chao gave the audience the impression of " Change Star , " constantly changing .
Deng Chao said , " In the performance , the same thing I will not do , should be constantly updated . "
Hollywood director Gary Marshall died on July 19 at the age of 81 at a hospital in Burbank , Calif . , after complications of pneumonia , foreign media reported .
Its spokesman , Michelle Beja , confirmed the news to reporters in the United States today .
On March 15 , the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress held a closing session at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing .
This is the head of the National Post Office , Ma Junsheng , for an interview .
At 9 a . m . on March 15 , the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress held a closing meeting in the Great Hall of the People .
Before closing , the head of the National Post Office , Ma Junsheng , said in an interview with the " Minister's Channel " that this year , the state will strengthen supervision and guide the self-discipline of the express delivery industry in view of the outstanding problems such as delay in delivery and damage to express delivery .
This year will increase efforts to solve the four major express industry outstanding problems Ma Junsheng said that the development of the Chinese express industry has now entered the fast lane .
In 2012 , China's express delivery volume is 5.6 billion pieces , 10,000 express tricycle on the road , the implementation of uniform standards , unified logo , unified insurance , not only convenient delivery , but also guaranteed safety .
International Online News ( reporter Liu Pai ) : On the 18th , the Economic and Commercial Office of the Italian Embassy in China hosted the China-Italy Environmental Protection Fair . People from enterprises and scientific research institutes of the two countries exchanged views on the cooperation between the two countries in the field of renewable resources under the new situation and reached a positive consensus .
It is reported that the Chinese delegates mainly include China Renewable Resources Development Co . Ltd . , China International Technology Transfer Co-operation Network , while the Italian side is composed of the Global Energy and Environmental Exchange Organization , the Italian Bologna Regional Enterprise Federation and other organizations .
The representative said that Italy had diversified environmental technologies and solutions in the area of renewable resources , proposed pilot projects with China in the areas of industrial waste disposal , waste oil treatment and waste incineration equipment , and looked forward to extending its experience of environmental cooperation with China to other parts of the world .
This lets live in Nanning City democratic road machinery hall dormitory Gao aunt family is very happy .
Neighbors also said that it was rare to see the rich trees blossoming , and the residents of the neighborhood thought it was a very auspicious event , and they all came to see it with great interest .
Rich tree name " Malaba chestnut " , is a tropical plant , native to Mexico , like warm and humid , must be in the sun , water , nutrients and other conditions are appropriate , before the emergence of flowering phenomena .
Even in the wild , where tropical conditions are appropriate , the flowering of rich trees is rare and has been described as " only one-thousandth of the flowering rate " .
Yesterday morning , the reporter came to Nanning Democratic Road Machinery Hall dormitory , under the guidance of Aunt Gao , the reporter saw the rich tree .
Rich tree species in the community's flower beds , about 5 meters high , the thickest branches around about 30 centimeters , leaves green and lush .
Flowers on the top of the higher branches , blooming flowers more than 10 cm wide , light yellow filaments evenly spread , green buds split and curl on both sides , stamens as fine as silver , silk head Venus dot .
Aunt Gao told reporters that the tree had been a rich tree for eight years , when it was planted about 1 meter high , and now it is more than 5 meters long .
It was a bonsai that her son bought from the flower-and-bird market , and later planted in a flower bed , and she did not take care of it .
At 1710 hours today , the 119 Command Center in Shaoyang City received an alarm that a fire broke out in four-hydrogen furan stored in the Hongzhi Chemical Plant in Longsutang , Shuangqing District of the city .
Shaoyang City fire brigade immediately dispatched 5 squadron 20 fire engines carrying heavy anti-chemical clothing , anti-chemical washing vehicles and other equipment to the scene .
After preliminary investigation , the fire is a small storage tank of chemical substances such as tetrahydrofuran , which produces a large amount of smoke in the field .
Up to the time of the press release , fire officers and soldiers are nervous rescue , municipal health , safety supervision , environmental protection , public security , transportation and other departments have rushed to the scene , no casualties have been found .
Today , four groups , such as Tonglu County , Zhejiang Province , have been awarded the 8th China Environment Award for their contributions to beautiful China .
The China Environmental Award , which was established in 2000 , is the highest award in the field of environmental protection in China and is composed of a number of central departments .
Li Wei , head of the selection committee and secretary-general of the China Environmental Protection Foundation , said China is facing ecological problems left over from the previous decades of heavy GDP and light environmental protection development model .
The purpose of the award is to recognize those units and individuals who have contributed to improving the environment and people's livelihood in order to show respect for public opinion .
In the opinion of the selection committee , the eco-county-based TongLushan County of Zhejiang Province should receive this award .
On the afternoon of September 5 , Huaxi Metropolitan News reporter , a series of interviews with a number of celebrities in the comic dialogue circle , as well as two comic dialogue performing artists , surprisingly , they remained almost uniformly silent .
On February 10 , 2017 , the China Securities Regulatory Commission approved the initial application of Guangdong Shang Pin Homestead Co . , Ltd . , and issued a small and medium-sized board listing pass for the Shenzhen Stock Exchange , after more than 20 days of European IPOs had just passed the IPO .
Industry insiders believe that with the homestead , the heel of the European home listing , originally in the tuyere of the custom home field will be from the product competition to the capital competition .
At the beginning of the new year , it attracted the attention of the whole household industry to the news that a typical representative brand in the field of custom-made home is ready to go public .
The CSRC announced on February 10 , 2017 that it had approved the initial application of 12 enterprises in accordance with legal procedures , and requested the above-mentioned enterprises and their underwriters to consult with the Shanghai-Shenzhen Stock Exchange to determine the issue schedule and publish the prospectus in succession , according to a report issued by the CSRC on February 10 , 2017 .
Beijing Business News reporter found that aimed at the Shenzhen Stock Exchange small and medium-sized board of Guangdong Shang Pin Homestead Co . , Ltd . ( hereinafter referred to as " Shang Pin Homestead " ) ranks among them .
According to the latest prospectus published by Shang Pin Homestead , the company was established in 2004 . It is registered in Guangzhou . It is mainly engaged in the personalized production , sale and sale of all-roofed furniture and related household products . It also provides the design , development and technical services of the design software and the information-based overall solution to the home industry enterprises .
" Garbage can not be thrown easily , to put into the garbage can , high-altitude throwing objects are harmful , beautiful homes need to be created hand in hand . "
Yesterday , 11 - year-old Luo Shiyu and his mother came to the Three Gorges Square to pick up the rubbish around them and hand out leaflets to passers-by , hoping to arouse more people's awareness of protecting the environment .
Like Luo Shiyu's family , volunteers from 106 families from 24 street towns in Shapingba District took to the streets to act as " small guardians of environmental protection " .
Next , they will volunteer to do clean work in their neighborhood , or go into their homes to talk about environmental protection . The theme of the event is " Chuang Wei , hand in hand with the family " , which will end on June 20 , according to a report by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China .
Zou Shoumin , director of the Environmental Supervision Bureau of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China , said in Beijing on the 22nd that in August , 57 cases of day-to-day continuous punishment were implemented nationwide , and the newly revised Environmental Protection Law , which was implemented earlier this year , clearly added to China's environmental law enforcement efforts .
At present , environmental protection authorities in various parts of China may investigate and deal with environmental violations by means of day-to-day continuous punishment , seizure , production cut-off and transfer of administrative detention , and cooperate with the judicial organs in punishing environmental crimes .
Zou said that in August , a total of 335 cases of seizure and seizure were carried out in various parts of China ; 177 cases of limited production and suspension of production were implemented ; 189 cases of administrative detention were transferred , and 166 cases of suspected environmental pollution crimes were transferred .
Among them , Henan carries out 7 consecutive daily punishment , at present , China is from the end of control to the whole process of embedding , comprehensive environmental pollution control .
Although the downward pressure on the economy appears , the Ministry of Environmental Protection has previously made it clear that China should correctly handle the position of environmental protection in economic development and enhance its " green determination " . The more the economy grows , the less it will be able to relax environmental protection and give play to the optimized role of environmental protection in the economy .
The reporter learned from Hebei Kailuan Group that at 11 : 25 am on the 7th , there was an explosion in the emulsification workshop of Kailuan Group Chemical Co . , Ltd . , located in Tangshan City , Hebei Province , where 13 workers were trapped .
Up to now , of the 13 people trapped , one has been rescued , rushed to the hospital rescue , the remaining 12 are in intense search and rescue .
It is understood that at present the scene has been blocked , the local public security , fire , medical and other departments are on-site rescue .
According to eyewitnesses , there was a loud noise at the time of the incident , and a mushroom cloud rose into the sky in a flash of time .
According to the personnel of Kailuan Group , which organized on-site search and rescue , Tangshan Kailuan ( Group ) Chemical Co . , Ltd . is located in the north of Zhao Gaozhuang , Tangshan City , Hebei Province . It is a designated production enterprise of civil explosive equipment approved by the state . It was founded in 1958 and was formerly known as Kailuan Mining Bureau 6 O 2 Factory .
The reporter recently interviewed learned that the northeast region iron and steel , rail transit , ships , machinery manufacturing and other industry benefits generally decline , even loss .
Some experts believe that under the current situation , the new round of revitalization of the northeast industry is not only related to the national economic recovery , but also will have an impact on the long-term development of China's manufacturing industry and international competitiveness , so it is urgent to adjust the transformation .
It is the primary performance of the northeast industry in the current economic downturn that the traditional industry is losing more money in the raw material industry and heavy machinery and equipment manufacturing industry has suffered a serious decline or even a loss .
In the past in the economic downturn , mainly low-end , primary products by the impact of the characteristics , but this economic fluctuations , the Northeast traditional industry high-end , low-end industrial products are affected .
In previous years , Angang Group ( Weibo ) has focused on the development of high-end panels , such as container boards , rail , ship boards and household electrical appliances . However , sales of these varieties have fallen considerably this year , especially since the same period last year , when sales of ship panels fell by 50 % .
'Metallurgy is the third pillar industry in Liaoning , with an annual production capacity of 60 million tons of steel ranked third in the country , ' said Hao Qingshun , director of the metallurgical department of the Liaoning Provincial Committee for Industry and Commerce .
From January to May this year , the output of crude steel in Liaoning Province was 21.54 million tons , the state policy encouraged , the production and marketing situation of products needed for projects with strong local government construction was better , and the decline of products with fierce market competition was greater , which was another feature of the northeast manufacturing industry .
On the basis of the successful creation of a national forest city in 2016 , Changzhou will carry out the " General Plan for the Construction of National Forest Cities in Changzhou , Jiangsu Province ( 2014 - 2025 ) " this year to consolidate and enhance the achievements of the construction of national forest cities , and build a high-quality forest city with green harmony and shared by the whole people , the reporter learned from the Changzhou Agricultural Committee yesterday .
On December 26 , the reporter learned from the Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau that in 2012 , a total of 98 national and provincial environmental protection projects were successfully declared , with a total of 145.26 million yuan for special funds for environmental protection .
Of these , 55 national-level environmental protection projects have won 132.46 million yuan for special state funds for environmental protection , 43 provincial-level environmental protection projects and 12.8 million yuan for special provincial-level environmental protection funds .
It is understood that the construction of the project involves comprehensive management of the regional water environment ( including protection of the ecological environment of the lake ) , environmental protection of drinking water sources , comprehensive improvement of the rural environment , pollution prevention and control of large-scale livestock and poultry breeding , pollution control of industrial enterprises and demonstration of eco-city construction .
After the implementation of the project , it plays an active role in promoting the regional scientific development of the city , realizing lake recuperation , speeding up the improvement of water environment quality in the river basin , ensuring the safety of drinking water , and promoting energy conservation and emission reduction .
At 7 a . m . this morning , China's famous tenor and folk singer Guo Song died in Beijing at the age of 85 .
Guo has composed and sung more than 50 works , such as " New Cargo Lang " , " Usuri Ship Song " , " I love these young people " and " Sweetened My Heart " .
Hubei police cross-border end of four telecommunications fraud gangs and 31 provinces and counties more than 500 cases involving more than 70 million yuan
Our reporter Cai Changchun " Legal Daily " reporter learned from the Ministry of Public Security today that , under the command of the Ministry of Public Security , Hubei Xiangyang police to Malaysia , with the cooperation of the Malaysian Police Department , the transnational series of telecommunications network fraud cases , is a more representative case of Taiwan-based telecommunications network fraud .
In the face of the current upward pressure on the domestic market for new energy vehicles , the upward financial subsidies for " Sichuan-made " new energy vehicles have weakened , the penetration rate of charging facilities has not been high , and the three-yuan lithium-ion batteries have been suspended for use on new energy passenger cars in the face of the current upward pressure on the domestic market for new energy vehicles
On November 3 - 6 , six cities , including Chengdu , Nanchong and Yaan , displayed their achievements in advanced manufacturing in the first stage of the 16th China Western International Exposition ( hereinafter referred to as the " Western Expo " ) . Among them , new energy vehicles have emerged and new products have attracted wide attention from the industry .
At present , with the weakening of financial subsidies for new energy vehicles and the low penetration rate of charging facilities and the suspension of the use of lithium-ion batteries on new energy buses , there is temporary upward pressure on the domestic new energy car market .
However , " Sichuan-made " new energy vehicles are up against the trend , into the passenger car and commercial vehicle segmentation market , what is the bottom line ?
Our reporter Zhao Zeyu current situation : concentrate on cultivating " top students " recently , " Sichuan build " new energy automobile industry news unceasingly .
Less than eight months after the acquisition of Dongfeng Nanchong Motor Co . , Ltd . , on October 26 , Geely Holdings Group ( hereinafter referred to as " Geely Group " ) 's brand-new commercial vehicle brand " Remote " started in Chengdu , and its first pure electric light-card remote E200 , equipped with smart-car networking platform , made its first appearance at the Western Expo .
The delegates formed their own teams , holding their umbrellas , and stepped into the meeting hall one after another .
Roads around the venue were normal and there were no balloon signs , no red carpets , no plants and flowers .
Yesterday , the second session of the 4th National People's Congress in Guang'an was held in a simple way .
Into the Guang'an Convention and Exhibition Center , there are no signs , no teacups , not even a bottle of ordinary mineral water .
Instead , there was a simple banner , a meeting location , a simple eco-friendly paper file bag with conference materials , and an eco-friendly paper cup of tea .
The conference material was a little thinner than before , and a few sheets of paper summed up the theme and agenda of the meeting .
" To save the people , we must be thrifty when we are thrifty . We understand and welcome the return to the present simple and realistic meeting environment . " Wang Cheng , representative of the People's Congress of Guang'an , said that they would like to see and participate in an efficient , pragmatic and non-formalistic meeting .
The Southern Daily News ( reporter / Xie Qingyu ) reporter learned from the Provincial Environmental Protection Department today that the results of the environmental protection credit rating for key pollution sources in Guangdong Province in 2012 are being announced .
After evaluation , 134 of the 1,251 enterprises listed in the environmental protection credit management list are temporarily not rated for reasons such as stopping production , non-acceptance , closure and so on .
In the proposed red card enterprises , mainly to electroplating , printing and dyeing , prevention and treatment of heavy pollution enterprises more , some sewage treatment plants are also on the list .
The Provincial Environmental Protection Department said that in order to reflect the principles of openness , fairness and impartiality and accept public supervision , the results of the ratings are now posted on the Environmental Protection Department's website .
During the publicity period , the Environmental Protection Department receives calls , letters and visits from the public . The Environmental Protection Department will investigate , verify and deal with the problems reflected .
Our reporter learned in early August that in the first half of this year , it is understood that the country's " three north " wind power concentrated areas , abandoned wind is relatively common .
Yancheng wind power , photovoltaic and other new energy sources accounted for 70 % of Jiangsu , coastal development of new energy , local production of local consumption , in Yancheng has shown great advantages and potential .
13 developers compete for the land price of Jianhong Chemical Plant in Tianhe District or will break 10,000 yuan / m2
Yangcheng Evening News reporter Zhao Yanhua reported : This afternoon , there will be no less than 13 developers competing for the site of Jianhong Chemical Plant . Today , the site of Jianhong Chemical Plant on Huangpu Road , Tianhe District , is the second type of residential land ( R2 ) , with an area of 17,304 square metres ( 15,178 square metres of usable land ) and an area of 45,534 square metres .
Block with small and medium-sized sets of requirements , less than 90 square meters of housing area in the total area of residential development and construction is not less than 60 % .
According to the largest area of small and medium-sized households , the site will be able to provide at least 303 sets of small and medium-sized housing .
It is reported that the site is located in the east of Huangpu overpass , across the road is the Tianhe Architectural Design Institute . The surrounding area is complete and is the first residential site in Tianhe District this year .
A second type of residential site ( R2 ) , with an area of 32,891 square metres ( 30,965 square metres ) and a building area of 92,895 square metres , with a starting price of $ 613.11 million and a floor price of $ 6,600 / square metres , will also be assigned to the Baiyun District and Tung Hang Toad Shek North Road today .
The block is Baiyun District this year to launch the first homestead , the same requirements of small and medium-sized sets ( less than 90 square meters ) ratio of 30 % .
The extension line of Metro Line 3 runs from its west , and the block is located between the Tonghe Station and the Jingxi South Hospital Station .
Since his debut 15 years ago , Jay Chou has produced a new album every year , but last year he made a rare mistake .
However , the fans did not express any dissatisfaction , but sent a blessing , because the reason for the breach was that Jay Chou happily became a father .
After keeping everyone waiting for a whole year and a half , Jay Chou finally arrived in Beijing yesterday to present his first work after upgrading his father , as well as the 14th album of his music career , " Jay Chou's bedtime story . "
On May 12 , Vice Mayor Chen Green Ping went to Yongchuan to conduct an investigation and discussion on the implementation of the Central Environmental Protection Inspector's feedback and the comprehensive management of the river basin . It is understood that in order to do a good job of the Central Environmental Protection Inspector's feedback rectification work , the Yongchuan District has set up a working leadership team to decompose the rectification task into 21 district-level leading departments and 23 town-led streets , and the related rectification work has been started in an all-round way .
Yang Cheng Evening News reporter Wang Li , led by Fan Bingbing , Guo Tao , Dapeng , Zhang Jia translation and other stars of the film " I am not Pan Jinlian " will be released nationwide on September 30 .
Yesterday , the film held in Beijing " comedy sadness " theme seminar , Feng Xiaogang , Ning Hao , Dapeng three guests attended the event .
The composition circle alternates , the director is capricious " I am not Pan Jinlian " special place , is the composition circumference alternately , especially with the mask lens shot the round picture is very fresh .
Feng Xiaogang explained , " This subject is very similar to Zhang Yimou's " Autumn chrysanthemum lawsuit " . It is easy to think of it together , and I would like to do it in a way that no one has ever done before . In fact , there is no special idea , just to feel funny and want to do something out of line . "
Feng Xiaogang said he thought of his work as a virgin , learned how to make a round picture with a photographer , and even spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to make a 10 - minute test film for the photographer .
CCTV News : The reporter learned from China Environmental Monitoring Station on the 11th that China has set up more than 5,000 monitoring stations at the national , provincial , municipal and county levels , and the environmental air quality monitoring network has been completed .
Nimashiren , deputy director of the Tibet Sports Bureau of the Tibet Autonomous Region , said at the base camp on the northern slope of Mount Qomolangma on May 11 that in the future , the clean-up of domestic refuse on the northern slope of Mount Qomolangma will move from the past public welfare action to the normal behavior led by the Chinese government and the participation of all sectors of the world .
On May 10 , environmental volunteers put classified garbage into trucks .
In the past ten years , with the rapid increase of mountaineers and tourists on Mount Everest , the environmental protection problem in the location of the peak has become more and more prominent .
In the spring of 1997 , the Tibet Autonomous Region Mountaineering Association launched its first clean-up campaign on the northern slope of Mount Qomolangma to clean up a batch of household waste such as oxygen cylinders left over from the 1960s and 1970s . The video was also broadcast at the World Climate Conference in Tokyo that year , attracting world attention .
After 1997 , the public welfare team cleaned the northern slope of Mount Everest , but most of the participants were non-professionals , according to Nima .
At 7 : 50 a . m . today ( March 10 ) , a chemical plant in Xinxiang County , Henan Province exploded and black smoke billowed from the scene .
The New Beijing News reporter learned from the propaganda department of Xinxiang County Committee that a total of one person was injured by the explosion .
Video released by local netizens showed that smoke billowed from the scene of the explosion and was accompanied by noise .
Some netizens said that the incident this morning , the site of the explosion is located in Xinxiang County , Henan Province , Xiaoji Town , a chemical plant .
New Beijing News reporter learned that the accident chemical plant for Henan Xinxiang Liutong Industrial Co . Ltd .
Public information shows that the above-mentioned enterprises were established in February 2002 , the scope of business including the manufacture of chemical products .
This afternoon , the propaganda department of the Xinxiang County Committee responded that the explosion occurred at 7.50 a . m . and that the fire had been effectively controlled and one person was slightly injured . The cause of the incident was under investigation .
The Beijing News reporter noted that as early as 2015 , the chemical plant involved had been exposed by the media , including Henan TV , because of the illegal discharge of pollutants .
The announcement by China Development and Reform Commission officials on the early completion of the 11th Five-Year emission reduction targets has given the steel industry , which has been suppressed by limited electricity production , a strong expectation of a resumption of production .
Although the steel mills have not received a clear notice from the local government that the work on energy conservation and emission reduction is over , the industry estimates that around December 15 , 2010 , steel mills , which were originally limited in production , will continue to resume production , and steel prices may start to come under pressure .
No notice of the end of the power limit has been received , but in fact the pressure on companies has been much less than September and October , a private steel company in Hebei province told reporters .
Some parts of Hebei have repeatedly issued power-limited production documents , and at one time adopted a forced pull-off method to restrict the production of enterprises .
Reporters learned from the local enterprises that at present most of Hebei's steel mills have resumed work , limited production pressure relief .
Zhang Tieshan , an analyst with my steel network , predicts that the terminal demand for construction steel will gradually shift from strong to weak because the north is already in winter .
In addition to the gradual end of energy saving and emission reduction , by December 15 , most of the steel mills will basically resume production , and the products will reach the local market before New Year's Day .
The increase in the supply of resources will put some pressure on the price of steel , which is currently on the rise .
Big energy companies are all " rich countries " , so which of the world's many energy companies take the most advantage of the money ?
Exxon Mobil , the US oil and gas producer , topped the list of the top 50 listed energy companies in 2011 with a market capitalisation of $ 406.3 billion , followed by PetroChina and Royal Dutch Shell , the famous PFC energy company said yesterday .
In the PFC list , PetroChina won twice in 2007 and 2009 , with Exxon Mobil at the top of all other years .
In the list of the top 50 in 2011 , three companies from mainland China were shortlisted , in addition to PetroChina , No . 2 , and Sinopec , No . 9 , and China Offshore Oil , No . 15 .
But while oil prices are far higher than they were four years ago , the CEO of PFC Energy points out that there are a number of reasons for the overall low market capitalisation , including a decline in North American gas prices and a low level of activity in the global stock market , according to PFC .
The big urban emotional commercial drama " Chicken feather fly to the sky " is being broadcast on Jiangsu TV , which tells the story of three generations of people's hard and tortuous and passionate history of business and emotional history .
On July 10 , the National Bureau of Statistics released the National Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) and the Industrial Producer Factory Price Index ( PPI ) in June 2016 .
Experts point out that current inflation and deflationary pressures have slowed , which is no doubt good news for the financial transition .
The report analyzed the results of a questionnaire survey of 1,045 foreign tourists who visited Seoul last December .
The report pointed out that the per-capita amount of shopping for foreign tourists was 1.06 million won .
Among them , the largest per capita shopping volume of Chinese tourists was 2.13 million won , 6.5 times that of Japanese tourists and 3.2 times that of US and European tourists .
Asked about the purpose of the trip to Seoul , 62.2 percent of Chinese tourists answered " shopping " and 94.9 percent of Chinese tourists bought cosmetics .
96.3 percent of Chinese tourists shop in urban duty-free shops , spending 1.56 million won per person .
Light crude oil futures , delivered in August 2016 on the New York Mercantile Exchange , rose $ 2.04 , or 4.56 % , to $ 46.80 a barrel at the end of the day .
London's Brent crude futures , delivered in September 2016 , rose $ 2.22 , or 4.80 % , to $ 48.47 a barrel .
The dollar index , which measures the dollar against six major currencies , fell 0.10 % on the day , to 96.479 at the end of the currency market .
The weaker dollar increased the investment appeal of dollar-denominated oil , supporting oil prices that day .
In addition to the external factors of steel price recovery , companies are also struggling on the road to lower costs .
With the large-scale re-production of enterprises , steel prices began to fall .
At present Sinosteel Concorde National Bureau of Statistics has not released June steel industry profit data .
According to the Beijing Railway Bureau , the railway transport in 2017 began on January 13 and ended on February 21 , for a total of 40 days .
Australian housing values rose by an average of 1.5 % to 2 % in the second quarter of this year , an annual increase of 3.5 % , the lowest annual increase since March 2013 , according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) .
Australian house prices have risen at their lowest level since 2013 , just as property agents are looking to sell more property during the holiday season .
According to figures released by the National Bureau of Statistics , prices of new and second-hand homes in Beijing both cooled in October , up just 0.6 % and 1.1 % .
The property market a trace of wind and grass all affect people's sensitive nerves .
Limited purchase is a hard bar of many urban real estate regulation policy .
In May 2017 , Jinan issued a regulation that undergraduate students pay social security for half a year in a row , can enjoy the same purchase policy of local permanent residence residents ;
In June , Wuhan issued a policy requiring college students to settle down with their diplomas and employment permits within 3 years of graduation .
Subsequently , the policy added , the official said , " college students can buy a house at a price below 20 % of the market price " ;
In July , Chengdu issued a regulation that young people with bachelor's degree or above in foreign universities can apply to settle down in Chengdu with their graduation certificate .
In addition , there are Kunshan , Shanghai and other cities or regions also issued " talent introduction " related policies , to reduce the threshold for the purchase of talent .
Zhang Hongwei believes that this is actually the competition of the big cities for the population , especially the talent , to retain the population , especially the talent , the city is competitive , which is the most important significance of these real estate policies .
Some even argue that this means the time has come for a " buy-out " cancellation of the property market .
Without the highest , only higher , Guizhou Maotai share price in the innovation high road can not stop at all .
On January 9 , the A-share " Wang " Guizhou Maotai shares hit an all-time high again , closing at 782.52 yuan , with a total market value of 983 billion yuan , just a step away from the market value of 10 billion yuan .
The guide price of 1499 yuan was 200 yuan higher than the previous retail price of 1299 yuan .
On December 28 , 2017 , Guizhou Moutai issued a notice saying that according to the research decision , the price of Maotai liquor products has been raised appropriately since 2018 , an average increase of about 18 % .
The move spurred a surge in Guizhou's Maotai share price , which has risen 95 yuan , or more than 14 % , in the eight trading days since the announcement of the price increase in Guizhou's Maotai , according to the Beijing Morning News .
According to statistics , the GDP of Guizhou Province in the first to third quarter of 2017 was 950 billion yuan , and Maotai's market capitalization left Guizhou Province far behind in the first three quarters of last year .
Driven by Maotai , liquor listed companies have started to raise prices to control the pace of goods , sitting down to enjoy the dividend brought by the consumption upgrade .
Since 2017 , the share price of most liquor listed companies has continued to rise , including wells , Wuliangye , Shanxi Fen liquor , Guizhou Maotai and other shares more than doubled .
Foreign high-level talents with Chinese green cards can enjoy " national treatment " in setting up science and technology enterprises .
Among the " 20 " measures , the first is to " support foreign high-level talents with permanent residence identity cards to establish science and technology enterprises " .
Lian Ping , chief financial scientist at Bank of Communications , said industrial value-added growth was expected to accelerate to 6.6 % in December because of the late-quarter upturn in industrial value-added values in the first three quarters of 2017 .
Fixed asset investment is expected to grow by 7.2 % in December , flat from last month , down from last year .
Although industrial production will be weaker than in October , it will be roughly the same as in November .
In December , China's manufacturing investment is running low , but infrastructure investment has improved slightly , so it is expected that fixed assets investment will be flat in November .
Samsung Electronics on Tuesday unveiled its first auto-driving component with Harman International , as well as an information-entertainment solution , an important move into the auto-electronics market , Reuters said .
Samsung Electronics bought Haman International about a year ago .
At this week's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Samsung released car cameras with collision warnings , lane migration warnings , and cruise control features that were developed in collaboration with Haman .
Samsung plans to start shipping the camera system this year , which is built on technologies such as automatic machine learning and amplification of reality .
Samsung also shows the " digital cockpit " , which makes the vehicle more personal , even if the driver is not the owner , because the system allows users to download the driver's data from mobile devices and clouds .
According to the Plan , by 2020 , the added value of strategic emerging industries will account for 15 % of the gross domestic product , forming a new generation of information technology , high-end manufacturing , biology , green low-carbon , digital creativity and other five new pillars of output value of 10 trillion yuan , and forming a large number of new growth points of cross-border integration in a wider area , generating an average of more than 1 million new jobs each year .
The report argues that the impact of ageing on human capital growth is increasingly evident , especially in the north-east , where the average annual contribution of aging to human capital growth is-1.28 % .
The meeting held that speeding up the development of information technology , promoting the integration of resources , efficient utilization and upgrading the level of industry digitization and intelligence would be of great significance in promoting the " Made in China 2025 " and public entrepreneurship and innovation , fostering new kinetic energy and improving the quality of life of the masses .
According to government regulations , 30 % of product parts must be purchased in India to open retail stores in India .
It is understood that next week's first lawsuit on graphene will be released , which will be a wake-up call for the brand of Chinese graphene products .
Of course , the current personal online store business registration is still in the draft legislation stage , the dispute can not be completely eliminated .
Today , many online consumers found that in their express logistics state , appeared the word " fog haze influence " .
One of the reasons for express delay is that , affected by foggy weather , more traffic control , insufficient capacity .
With the upgrading of communication technology , operators need a lot of address resources when building new networks .
Pan Gongsheng pointed out that at present the risk of cross-border capital flows can be controlled and the fundamental factors supporting the balance of payments still exist for a long time .
Inflation pressures will intensify as a result of the fiscal expansion of Trump's next regime , and interest rates will accelerate in 2017 , the Japan Financial News reported .
In November , housing prices stabilised in hot cities all over the country , including Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen , and housing prices in some cities will continue to fall in the future .
For the market-oriented reform of natural gas , the importance of " pipe network independence " reform is self-evident , but the resistance and controversy are also great .
Hu Angang felt a lot about the Central Financial Work Conference , which not only focused on the development of the country , but also affected personal life .
It is worth mentioning that , in this year's corporate wage guidance line increase is mostly flat or decline , Beijing and Guizhou's lower line has increased .
Yesterday , two sites in Fangshan and Daxing ushered in an on-site auction , with a total of 1,845.2 million yuan .
The introduction of evaluation mechanism in the service industry is no longer new . In order to make the evaluation mechanism effective , it is important to make regulation more effective and non-formal .
Dongguan , a " world factory " that used to rely on processing and a large number of general workers , is looking at high-level talent who can lead the city to reposition .
Recently , the Dongguan Municipal Government held a high-level talent activity week , the first financial reporter saw that some strong local enterprises have participated in the talent talks .
On billboards that are particularly bright against the orange-red background walls , they are each marked with an expensive price tag .
China's GDP grew 6.9 percent year-on-year in the first three quarters of 2017 , up 0.2 percentage points from a year earlier , according to the National Bureau of Statistics , including 6.9 percent in the first quarter , 6.9 percent in the second quarter and 6.8 percent in the third quarter , running in the 6.7 - 6.9 percent range for nine consecutive quarters , maintaining high-speed growth .
According to the Information Bureau of the Ministry of Defense , China and the United States , through friendly consultations , successfully completed the handover of unmanned submarine aircraft in the relevant waters of the South China Sea at noon on December 20 .
This is not the first time the United Nations has tried to use a virtual role as an honorary ambassador . " Angry Birds " , " Tinker Bell " and " Winnie the Pooh " have all been honorary ambassadors of the United Nations before .
On Thursday afternoon local time , a county sheriff in Arizona launched a " challenge " to Obama , saying that after more than five years of investigation , Obama's birth certificate had been confirmed to be a forgery .
China Seismic Network official measurement , November 13 1902 in New Zealand ( 42.53 degrees south , 173.05 degrees east ) 8.0 earthquake , the focal depth of 10 km , the capital Wellington strong sense of earthquake .
The Wall Street Journal reported in the morning that AT & T had canceled plans to sell Huawei's new flagship smartphone in the United States .
Huawei had planned to announce the partnership on the CES this week , and AT & T cancelled it at the last minute .
In response , Huawei told reporters on January 9 that Huawei would release new products and specific listing information to the U . S . market on January 9 local time .
Huawei has proved its strength over the past five years by launching high-end products in the global and US markets , Huawei said .
Huawei will release " the best mobile phone you've ever heard of " at the CES show in Las Vegas on the afternoon of January 9 , and its ability to continue for two days , according to previous reports from the IT home .
It is widely believed that Huawei's upcoming flagship phone , Huawei Mate 10 Pro , comes with the Android Oreo system .
The annual International Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) opens in Las Vegas , USA , from January 9 ( January 10 , Beijing time ) to 12 .
According to the list of exhibitors published on the CES official website on January 9 , the 51st CES has a total of 4,577 enterprises from different countries .
According to Apple , from February 28 this year , the iCloud service in mainland China will be transferred to the cloud-top Guizhou company .
" Cooperation with Guizhou on the cloud will allow us to continue to improve the speed and reliability of iCloud services and meet the new rules that China's cloud services have to be run by local companies , " Apple said .
During the outage , the data that the user previously stored in iCloud will also be saved in iCloud and will not be lost .
If the user wishes to use the iCloud service after 28 February , new terms and conditions need to be accepted to ensure that the account is reactivated and moved to Guizhou on the cloud .
At the same time , Apple stressed in its statement , " Apple has a strong data privacy and security protection mechanism and will not create a back door in any of our systems . "
iCloud Guian New Area Main Data Center will also be Apple's first data center project in China , which will be completed to store data from Chinese Apple users .
When built and put into use , Chinese users upload and download data without having to travel back and forth over long distances between China and the United States , increasing speed and reducing delays .
Huawei employees totaled 180,000 in 2016 , with an employee cost of 121.8 billion , up 21 % year-on-year .
On the morning of July 13 , Beijing time , Somaltus filed a lawsuit in the East Texas District Court , accusing Apple of infringing on a battery technology patent it filed in 2010 .
The company has previously sued Asus , Lenovo , Samsung , Sony and Toshiba with the same patent .
The lawsuit alleges that both the iPhone 6s and similar Apple devices violated the U . S . patent of 7,657,386 , entitled " Integrated Battery Service System " .
The plaintiff wishes to receive cash compensation , or to charge a patent fee for the infringing equipment after the judgment has been announced .
Judging from the indictment , the plaintiffs seem to believe that the iPhone's quick-charging function infringes the company's patent .
The fast-charging iPhone will quickly charge up to 80 % of the electricity before a trickle is recharged .
Somaltus is actually a so-called " patent hooligan " because the company does not provide obvious products and services , and it is difficult to find information on the Internet .
However , they have successfully reached an out-of-court settlement with auto makers such as Ford and Nissan over the patent .
In April , the European Commission accused Google of forcing handset makers to pre-install software such as Google search and Chrome browsers , otherwise it would not be allowed to use other Google applications .
The European Commission sees the move as detrimental to the interests of consumers and an obstacle to competition .
EU regulators initially asked Google to respond by July 27 .
If convicted of antitrust charges , Google faces a fine of up to 10 % of its global revenue , about $ 7.4 billion .
Google has no immediate comment .
Google also faces an EU investigation for favouring its own shopping services in its search results .
The State Council attaches great importance to how to deal with the " fraud " incident of China's new energy vehicles , which has received great attention from the whole society and even the international automobile industry since the exposure of the incident in January this year , and calls for serious investigation and handling of the fraud .
According to data , 70 % of China's travel demand is concentrated within a 3 - kilometre range , as a result , the entire short-distance travel market is sooner or later the world of sharing bikes .
In the era of functional mobile phones , the basic function of mobile phones is to call , send text messages , simple memos , a variety of mobile phones in the functional gap is not big .
One of the reasons for the poor sales of electric cars is the lack of publicity for these products .
California's big car dealerships have 22 electric cars on sale , but other states have far fewer options , with only 14 models in the second state , and even six states without any electric cars on sale .
In fact , online translation services were already available on the Internet a decade ago , and a long time ago there was a lot of talk about " machines are about to replace human beings " .
Since the advent of computers , it has been a dream for many researchers to strive for the gradual transition of machine intelligence to the human brain .
On December 19 , ZTE disclosed that in July this year , the company successfully acquired Zhuhai Guangtong Bus , set up ZTE Intelligent Automotive Co . Ltd . to enter the field of new energy vehicles , focusing on the research and development , design , production and manufacture of new energy vehicles , vehicle networking applications , large data , automatic driving , cloud computing center system development and operation , creating a brand-new industry plate .
On December 20 , ZTE bought a 70 % stake in Zhuhai Guangtong Bus and set up a smart car team based on it . " The amount is not convenient to disclose , reaching hundreds of millions of yuan . We are attracting talent , and smart cars will be a very important business for ZTE in the future , " ZTE told reporters at www . thepaper . cn .
On the one hand , after more than 100 years of development of automobile technology , many technologies have been mature ; on the other hand , the user experience of automobile in the future depends more on man-machine interaction , ZTE has advantages in the fields of IT , network , car networking system and so on .
In 2015 , for technical cooperation or acquisition purposes , Hou led a team to inspect many car factories .
The company is stepping up production of the first long-distance electric car Model 3 for the mass market and plans to launch by the end of 2017 .
Zuckerberg hopes to use the Jarvis project to control everything at home with his own voice , from music to light to temperature .
According to a popular vote , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's home-made artificial intelligence assistant Jarvis will use the voice of American movie star Morgan Freeman .
The system , which runs in Zuckerberg's home , has the same name as Tony Stark's artificial intelligence assistant in the movie Iron Man .
The Facebook CEO said about a year ago that he wanted to develop an artificial intelligence system as his own annual challenge .
My goal is to understand the state of artificial intelligence-we are making far more progress than people would expect , but there is still a long way to go .
It also gives me a better understanding of all the internal technologies that Facebook engineers need to use , as well as a more comprehensive understanding of home automation .
Before joining Twitter in 2011 , Mr . Mesinger served as Oracle's vice president for development .
Under the environment of finance and economics , alcohol and electricity business for the achievement breakthrough , on the one hand , grasp the upstream resources , on the other hand , actively plan their own brand .
As of November 30 , 2016 , BlackBerry had cash , cash equivalents and $ 1.6 billion in short-and long-term investments .
The two government officials said Apple sent a letter to the Indian government last month outlining plans to produce products such as the iPhone in India , and hoped the government would introduce fiscal incentives .
In a statement released earlier this week , Samsung said 93 % of the sold Note7 smartphones had been recalled in the U . S . market .
Finally , Li added , China is not short of good stories , but there is no " cross-cultural , ecologically effective IP " like Harry Potter , and this " ecological thinking " is where we should learn from Hollywood .
In recent years , Silicon Valley giants such as Google , Microsoft , Amazon and Facebook have engaged in an arms race in the field of AI .
After entering Microsoft's real-time dialogue translation mode , the screen is divided into two equal parts , the two users of the dialogue can choose their own side of the language .
At a recent international conference , experts predicted that robots with artificial intelligence within 25 years would walk into people's bedrooms and provide a variety of services to humans .
For computers , whether it is checkers or national chess , it is no longer possible to beat the human race a few decades ago .
In a long-term assessment of AI's future , Stanford University launched the One Hundred-Year Development Research Program for Artificial Intelligence ( AI100 ) .
The researchers believe that in the future AI will be ubiquitous and will play an important role .
When it comes to employment and the workplace , research suggests that AI can replace tasks rather than jobs , while helping to create new jobs .
Climate change could destroy a large number of species in an irreversible way , including the resources and food that humans live on .
Even if the heat does not kill the species directly , it can lead to potentially dangerous factors , Waines said .
The Waines study also shows that local extinction varies from region to region , and that tropical species are twice as likely to become extinct locally as temperate regions .
Through research , scientists have found that one of the greatest characteristics of memory is its inaccuracy .
Just a few years ago , those who were able to dabble in venture capital were limited to those who founded the company , then joined the venture capital company , or those analysts who wanted to move up the career ladder .
Entrepreneurs can get microfinance more easily from a large number of investors in Angel List , so they don't need an informant to hook them up with top-tier VCs .
In the year when death row organs were banned in 2015 , 2,776 organs were donated after the death of Chinese citizens , and 1,057 organ transplants were completed , setting a new historical record .
According to the news reporters , Zhongxing Intelligent Automotive Team is headquartered in Zhuhai , and the operator is Tian Wenguo , executive vice president of Zhongxing Communications .
Fujian Changle more than two million people enter the United States , mostly for stowaways ; in a foreign country , home no time , relatives discrete , similar scenes constantly staged .
According to Xinhua News Agency , the heavy pollution weather in Beijing , Tianjin and the surrounding areas , which began on the 16th , further intensified on the 19th , with AQI in Shijiazhuang , Xinji and Handan City , Hebei Province , showing a " explosive watch " .
According to previous reports , the railway department to 12306 website expansion renovation , the spring transport purchase period launched new services , nearly 60 % of the tickets no longer need to use the verification code .
Xinhua News Agency , London , January 9 ( reporter Wang Zijiang ) The British Sports Council announced its goal of participating in the Winter Olympics in Pingchang , South Korea next month : to win at least five medals , the UK delegation's " most ambitious " goal in the history of the Olympic Winter Games .
The British Sports Council is responsible for the allocation of funds for various Olympic projects and , of course , for issuing licensing targets for each project .
British athletes are expected to hit medals in events such as single-board skiing , curling , steel-frame snowmobile and short-track speed skating .
In the past Winter Olympics cycle , the British Sports Council has allocated a total of 32 million pounds ( 280 million yuan ) in training for the Olympic Winter Games , doubling the cycle of the Bissochi Winter Games .
Most of the money comes from the national lottery and the rest from the state finances .
Britain's hopes for gold lie with two men , Alice Christie , the three-gold winner of last year's world short-track speed skating championship , and Leeds Arnault , the last woman to win a snowcar .
In the 2014 Sochi Winter Games , the British delegation won 1 gold , 1 silver and 2 bronze , their best record since the first Olympic Winter Games in 1924 .
January 9 is only a month away from the opening of the Olympic Winter Games in Pingchang , South Korea , with the Olympic flame from the south to the north of the relay preheating and various preparatory work , South Korea's domestic winter Olympic atmosphere is increasingly strong .
South Korean public opinion expects the long-lost DPRK-ROK talks to bring an " egg " to the one-month countdown to the Pingchang Winter Games .
On November 1 last year , the Pingchang Winter Olympic flame arrived in South Korea .
The upsurge of the flame is directly reflected in the ticket sales of the Pingchang Winter Games .
Just over two months ago , the sales rate of tickets for the Winter Paralympic Games hovered at 32 % , while the sales rate of tickets for the Winter Paralympic Games was only 4.3 % , and the low rate of ticket sales was once a cause for concern about the popularity of the Winter Olympics in Pingchang .
But as Li Xi-fan , chairman of the Pingchang Winter Games Organizing Committee , recently predicted to reporters , " With the torch relay across South Korea , the heat of the Winter Olympics is rising and ticket sales are expected to improve soon " .
As of January 3 , ticket sales for the Winter Olympics in Pingchang had reached 64 percent , and ticket sales for the Winter Paralympic Games had exceeded 50 percent , South Korean media reported .
In an effort to encourage foreigners to visit South Korea , South Korea's Ministry of Justice also announced on the 8th that it will extend its stay in South Korea for up to 120 days for foreigners visiting the country to watch the Olympic Winter Games in Pingchang .
Xinhua News Agency , Madrid , January 8 ( Reuters ) -Barcelona's new aid , Kutinio , made his first appearance in a Barcelona shirt at Nou Camp on January 8 .
Kutinio passed Barcelona's medical examination that morning and signed a contract with Barcelona's president , Bartolomeu , that expires in the summer of 2023 .
He then appeared as a Barcelona player in front of nearly 7,000 fans in the Nou Camp .
According to Spanish media , Kutinio's total transfer fee , or 160m euros ( about Rmb7.77 ) , is the first in Barcelona and Spanish history .
As Kutinio is still injured , he will need to rest for nearly 20 days to usher in his debut in the Barcelona jersey .
The Japanese Olympic Committee said recently that the Japanese delegation's goal for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics was 30 gold medals and advanced to the top three in the gold medal table .
Last October , Hiroshi Yamamoto , chairman of the Sports Committee of the Japanese Olympic Committee , said he expected Japanese athletes to win 2.5 times more gold medals at the Tokyo Games than at the Rio Games .
At the 2016 Rio Olympics , the Japanese delegation ranked 6th in the gold medal table with 12 gold medals .
The total number of security personnel is double that of the 2012 London Olympics .
To ensure the safety of the Rio Games , Brazil will launch the largest security linkage program in history .
Earlier , the Brazilian government said a total of 85,000 people from the army and police would fight together , including 20,000 soldiers and 65,000 police .
Most of the military will be responsible for the defence of the Olympic venues , while 3,000 additional troops will be responsible for the security of international airports , subway stations and streets .
Police patrol other parts of the city , including subways , buses and streets .
It is reported that 6,000 soldiers have arrived in Rio to serve the security of the Olympic Games .
In addition to the four competition zones responsible for the Rio Games , they also patrol the airport and the main roads connecting the airport and Olympic venues .
Tonight , the CBA's 20th regular season game is about to begin , which also means the second half of the 2016 - 2017 season's CBA League .
Yesterday , Shenhua coach Boyett said in an interview : Okinawa preparation is very important , I hope everyone in the team will be able to participate .
It is understood that after returning to Beijing from Chengdu , Morris continued to go to the hospital for acupuncture treatment to ensure that the injury did not continue to deteriorate .
From the point of view of training time , this time period is just the key stage of winter training for each team , the main force of the team is engaged in battle , will inevitably have a considerable impact on the preparation training .
Yesterday , China's national team coach Lippi released a list of 23 people to take part in the China Cup , which has caused a great deal of controversy .
Fu Jijun said after the match that Higgins started very well and thought he would lose the big score soon , but then he stuck to himself and finally won .
From the increase of the sports crowd , the development of the sports cause , to the rise of the sports industry , sports are more powerful appeal , affecting the pace of China's social progress .
According to the communiqu  of the state's latest national fitness survey in 2014 , the number of people taking exercise increased by nearly 8 percentage points compared with 2007 .
Two runners died at the end of the 2016 Xiamen ( Haicang ) International Half Marathon .
On the morning of December 21 , Kovitova underwent surgery , and the doctor repaired all the tendons and two nerves of her five fingers .
Last night , the Shenzhen-Ma Organizing Committee announced a penalty notice for B0575 and B0800 runners , cancelled the results of the two , and will report to the China Tian Association for additional punishment .
A few days ago , the China Tian Association issued a serious notice , severely beating the phenomenon of running , and prepared to impose a life-long ban on offenders .
Beijing time December 20 , Azarenka through the social media announced the successful birth of a child , upgrade to become a mother .
Stirling's controversial goal to kill Arsenal was a timely boost to Manchester City , which had lost two games in the previous three rounds .
Wang Jianlin , chairman of Wanda , worked hard to save the competition . He was busy on the line and even attended two " China Cup " conferences in person , which turned out to be a hot shave .
Table Tennis Super League last night held the 16th round of women's team competition , Ding Ning because of illness absence , Beijing Shougang women table tennis away against Shandong Luneng .
In the history of the NBA Finals , no one has ever won two doubles at the same time .
At present in China , many children give up their studies because they aim at professional golfers , and walk smoothly on their career path , not to mention college .
Federer won a lot of games in his 18 - year career and won more than 60 percent of his fans' votes in the fashion final .
Two-time Wimbledon women's singles champion Kovitova was attacked by a knife-wielding thief at his home in the Czech Republic , injuring his left hand .
Williams also hinted that Massa could return , even though he has announced his retirement .
Croatian Football Association President Davos-Suk said in an interview that participation in the China Cup is very meaningful for Croatian football , and the number of bonuses for the China Cup is very large .
Zhang YuNing's stay in the ocean is real , it can be said that his realization from the national youth to the national Olympic " jump " is not accidental , and his leap of growth is still surprising .
Lupescu , now UEFA's chief technical officer , made a technical report on Euro 2016 and the Champions League last season at the conference .
Men's 50m backstroke , China's Xu Jiayu ranked 8th with 23 seconds 54 , and Japan's Takahashi also won with 22 seconds 85 .
This year's swimming World Cup return to the 25 - meter short pool , made up of nine sub-stations , one more European station than in 2015 .
As a world-class player who defeated Ding Junhui in the 2010 Guangzhou runner-up snooker event and won the gold medal in the event , Fu should be the most famous snooker player among Hong Kong's active athletes .
In the final face of Fu Jia-jun , Higgins came up on three consecutive broken 100 , 4 - 1 lead .
Although track and field is a gold medal in the Olympic Games , the track and field players win the world , but the track and field players compared to draw gold is in the wind .
Zhang Jike , the Tibetan mastiff , has long had the potential to become the next Lin Dan in the eyes of journalists who have been covering the ping-feather project for years .
During heavy training , runners need to consume enough nutrients to meet the body's energy needs .
In terms of diet , off-season food is definitely less than during training , especially to reduce carbohydrate intake and increase protein and fiber intake .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The " Chinese Inventory 2016 " ceremony , organised by the National Center for Language Resources Monitoring and Research , the Commercial Press and the People's Network , was held in Beijing today .
From December 15 to 22 , 2016 , the new drama " Hamlet " , produced by the National Grand Theatre , once again ignited the Chinese audience's enthusiasm for the art classics .
According to Xinhua News Agency , Shenzhou 11 astronaut Jing Haipeng , Chen Dong 7 in Beijing space city astronaut apartment to be interviewed by media reporters , in good condition .
In recent years , there has been a huge influx of capital into the film and television market , and the popularity and pay of star actors has soared . Producer He Jing once said that two actors in a hot film , with nearly $ 100 million in pay , ended up with only two days of drama together , and the rest of the drama was basically a stand-in .
At the same time , women starring in different sets at the same time , making it impossible to appear on the scene at the same time , the cast was forced to use a double to guarantee the cycle .
On the threshold of the year 2018 , the National Grand Theatre specially launched nine 11 New Year series concerts to accompany the audience with wonderful notes to welcome the new year , playing the most sincere holiday wishes with moving melodies .
Zhang Yimou is destined to be a controversial film artist . Since he began filming his first film , " Red Sorghum , " he has been leading the Chinese film trend , but has also gained a lot of criticism .
Last week , the costume drama " Beauty Private House Cuisine " temporarily suspended , accidentally triggered a heated discussion about the domestic drama ratings fraud .
These " cashew dramas " are just a drop in the ocean compared to the huge output of 13,000 TV dramas broadcast each year .
Looking back at this year's film market , we found that the original version of the film and the two fans of the stars have become an important part of the film's expected audience .
One is the Berlin film emperor , one is a rising young actor , " psychological crime " is also Liao Fan and Li Yifeng's first partner .
The Great Wall tells the story of a Chinese elite army fighting a life-and-death battle with monsters on the world-famous Great Wall to defend humanity in ancient times .
Recently , Japanese animation " Your Name " became popular in Asia , and in Japan , the film became Miyazaki's director of " Thousand and and Thousand " , the first film to break 20 billion yen in 15 years , jumped to second place in the box office .
According to one of the cast's actors , Zhang is a fine-minded person at the scene , from the mass actors to the catwalk , all aspects should be personally staring into place .
This year coincides with the 135 th anniversary of Lu Xun's birth and the 80th anniversary of his death . In the words of screenwriter Yu Zhiqing , he said , " Because he loves Lu Xun , he has the impulse to create . "
The Thunderstorm , which was created in 1934 , was Cao Yu's first work , a symbol of the maturity of modern Chinese drama and the largest number of Chinese dramas translated into foreign languages .
The 26 - year-old Wenzhou troupe actor Chen Haifeng is the only female face in the class .
In the past , " Linchuan Four Dreams " , basically presented in the form of Kunqu opera stage , and was adapted into a drama performance , this is the first time .
It is understood that one of the reasons for the absence of a Hong Kong station during the Coldplay tour is that there is no suitable location because they explicitly require an outdoor venue of at least 30,000 people .
The drama director , born in the 1940s , is a respected veteran of the industry and the winner of the Golden Sphinx , enjoying a special allowance from the State Council .
On that day , the original " family suffering " director , 85 - year-old Yamada took the trouble to fly to Beijing , to visit the film field .
Compared with the sci-fi elements in the film , the two stars said they were more attracted to the story in the film .
In 2006 , he joined Universal Records with a unique style of music and became the first Chinese to sign a contract with the UK headquarters around the world .
Referring to the coming year of 2017 , Zhao said frankly : " After next year's tour , I want to clean myself up , then settle down and write more new works . "
Three consecutive years of " Xiaosongqi talk " since 2014 on the Aichi line has maintained a super-high volume of broadcast and word-of-mouth praise .
The audience put on a mask to become the ghost of the story , which is " sleepless night " the biggest rule of the game .
This year , TFBOYS third anniversary fans meet , Chen Junting as the event's music producer .
Therefore , the China Television Production Industry Association decided , will unite the national television production industry , signed the self-discipline convention .
That night , Patty Smith appeared on the stage in a white shirt and black suit , singing Dylan's famous song " The Rainstorm is coming " for 1,500 spectators on the scene .
In an award-winning speech read by the U . S . ambassador to Sweden , Dylan said he was on his way to the tour when he received the award . " It took me a while to react . "
Throughout the history of Grammy , Beyonce and Adele all held the title of the most award-winning female vocalist in a single Grammy .
It is reported that the 59th Grammy Awards will be held on February 12 , 2017 ( early February 13 , Beijing time ) , hosted by British comedian James Corden .
Fang Wenshan frankly , using music to tell a complete story , is his own dream .
A song is four to five minutes , and it is difficult to tell a whole story .
I write songs when only emotion , there is no story line , has always been a pity .
These ten music IP works , Fang Wenshan will direct one or two of his own . When Zhou Dong was asked if he would help direct , Jay Chou admitted that when the director was under too much pressure , he wanted to find some young directors to give them room to play .
Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the shooting plan has a long history , the first adaptation of the script was in 1999 , and even ready to find Jincheng Wu to play Yan 13 .
After the " golden age " of soaring box office sales in 2015 , the overall film market in 2016 has entered a period of calm , and whether it can break through last year's total box office results of 44.069 billion yuan has become a suspense .
And adult efforts , there is a bear in sharp contrast to the childhood of Wu Yan-zu is very mischievous , can even be said to be rebellious .
Xinhua News Agency , Seoul , January 9 ( reporter Rui Geng Xuepeng ) South Korea and North Korea ended high-level talks in Panmunjom on the night of 9 , the two sides issued a joint statement on the DPRK's participation in the Pingchang Winter Games , the two sides held military sector talks and other matters agreed .
According to the joint statement issued by the two sides , the DPRK will send a high-level delegation and a delegation of the National Olympic Committee to participate in the Pingchang Winter Games .
In addition , the DPRK will send athletes , cheerleading , art troupe , press corps and other groups to visit the ROK ; the ROK will provide the necessary facilities for this .
South Korea also agreed to ease current military tensions and decided to hold talks with North Korea's military departments .
Cai also declared that she believed that today's leadership in mainland China should be a rational decision-maker , and that any possibility of military action against Taiwan should not be in the current decision-making thinking .
A reporter asked , the Taiwan side recently through a video at a United Nations conference " meeting " , the spokesman has any comment ?
The increasing degree of internationalization of RMB will be good for the stability and development of the global economy and finance .
Thames Higher Education has released its 14th annual ranking of the world's universities . Globally , Oxford still holds the top spot .
On the evening of January 21 , the third Ma Yun Village Teacher Award Presentation Ceremony was held at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sanya , Hainan , and 100 village teachers from all over the country won the award .
The Yellow River and the Yangtze River became the cradle of ancient Chinese civilization .
In addition , because insects contain allogenic protein , for some people easy to cause allergy .
It is based on ID card number , and adopted advanced " face recognition " technology , can realize real name , real person identity authentication .
But we also have to admit that in the field of children's books , especially picture books , the introduction of foreign books account for a large proportion .
The total value of China's imports and exports of goods in 2017 was 27.79 trillion yuan , an increase of 14.2 percent over 2016 , reversing the previous two consecutive years of decline .
Biennese is frankly , couplet therefore popular network , oneself is also very surprised .
China's scientific publications have grown rapidly over the past few years , especially in computer science and engineering .
The large-scale popularization of plastic packaging caters to the mass production , consumption and abandoned living habits of modern society , but it also places a great burden on the environment and resources .
Last October , in the wake of the Hollywood sexual harassment scandal , women set off a wave of anti-sexual assault and anti-workplace sexual harassment .
As a special group for consumer rights protection , the China Consumer Association talked about sharing bicycle companies twice in March and December .
The 48th Annual Conference of the World Economic Forum will be held in Davos , Switzerland , from 23 to 26 , with the theme " Enhancing cooperation in a differentiated world " .
Recently , the once-defunct small blue bike announced that users can use the small blue bike directly through spotting APP , but the move has been explicitly opposed by the Shenzhen Municipal Committee .
China will impose serious penalties in accordance with the law for any act that has been investigated as a violation of Security Council resolutions .
Industry insiders believe that the shared economy has become an important part of China's economic development , and the shared economy may lead to accelerating the transformation of the whole society .
According to the latest data released by the National Bureau of Statistics , the revenue of China's catering industry in 2017 was 3964.4 billion yuan , an increase of 10.7 percent year-on-year .
The drug , which lasts for 12 months after a heart attack , reduces the risk of a stroke or another heart attack .
She said that China has unswervingly followed the path of peaceful development , always pursued a national defense policy that is defensive in nature , and has always been a builder of world peace , a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order , which is universally recognized by the international community .
China's first home-made aircraft carrier may conduct its first sea trial in February or March 2018
Yellow fever is an acute infectious disease caused by yellow fever virus , spread by mosquito bites , mainly in the tropical regions of Africa and Latin America .
According to the weather forecast , the highest temperature in the northeastern part of Japan may fall below zero centigrade on the 22nd , and the eastern part of Kanto will fall to about 5 degrees . It is the coldest week in Japan in the winter .
In the face of " counter-globalization " and protectionist tendencies in some countries , Chen Fengying said that globalization has various ways , and " all the way " is also a way of globalization .
It was also learned that at 440 hours , the last drowning fisherman was successfully rescued and taken to shore by a Hong Kong rescue helicopter .
About 25 % of global air pollution deaths occurred in India in 2015 .
The problems existing in Franco-German relations also reflect the latent difference of economic development view between the two countries .
China-Africa cooperation projects bring employment to Africa as well as technology transfer and knowledge sharing .
In a random small survey conducted by reporters , only two of the 11 retirees surveyed were still working , while nine others said they would spend part of their time helping to look after their children , but would also have time to travel or develop hobbies .
In the 46th week of 2017 , there were no more than 500 flu reports , and by the first week of the New Year , the figure was 9548 , 19 times that of the former , according to figures released by the Beijing Municipal Health and Planning Commission .
The 90th Academy Awards are due to be announced on January 23 , with the opening of Hollywood's most eye-catching " Oscar time " of the year .
Garbage incineration is closely related to air quality , and it is one of the channels to improve the atmospheric environment to do a good job of garbage classification .
Haikou and Sanya opened cruise travel routes to Vietnam and the Philippines in December 2017 respectively
The study , carried out by the Australian National University , was published in this month's issue of the British journal Science Report .
In some island countries in the South Pacific , rising sea levels , as a result of global warming , devour the land and water on which the inhabitants live .
CEO Huang Jiaga says bringing the world's best learning resources to Chinese children is their strategy for the next five years .
Beijing Morning News reporter to the first train experience , spacious space , comfortable seats , as well as charging plug , WiFi equipment , this suburban railway has been the first test passenger praise .
Irish President Michael Higgins said in a statement : " She and the Little Red Berry have had a profound impact on Irish and even world rock music , and her death is a great loss . "
We also held a ceremony to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the outbreak of the Anti-Japanese War of the whole nation and the national sacrifice of the victims of the Nanjing Massacre in order to remember history and pray for peace .
An Australian father hired a helicopter to search for his missing son and finally rescued his son who had driven into the bushes .
As Ms Merkel said in May 2017 : " To some extent , the era of our 100 % dependence on other countries is over , and the Europeans should hold their destiny in their own hands . "
In the area of regional application of the industry , the Beidou system has been widely used in public security , transportation , fishery , electric power , forestry , disaster reduction and other industries , and is serving the construction of intelligent cities and social governance , showing large-scale benefits .
But despite the generous bonuses , it is doubtful whether world snooker will truly recognize the international status of the China Open .
Hainan received 67.45 million visitors throughout the year in 2017 , achieving a total tourism revenue of 8.11.99 billion yuan , of which the number of inbound visitors exceeded 1 million for the first time .
Oprah's political contributions brought Obama about 1 million votes during the 2008 Democratic Party election phase , according to a study by University of Maryland economist Craig Gastwate .
The Swiss-based World Wide Fund for Nature says China's decision has had a huge impact , helping to further curb the trend of illegal killings and trafficking in African elephants .
In today's world full of uncertainty and instability , Chile is ready to strengthen coordination and cooperation with China , jointly adhere to multilateralism and free trade , and jointly respond to global challenges such as terrorism and climate change .
It has recently been reported that a Chinese vessel is suspected of transporting oil to North Korean ships on the high seas .
South Korea west of the sea 21 found a capsized Chinese fishing boat , the South Korean maritime police are in full search and rescue efforts .
Over the past decade , the global Internet penetration rate has risen from 21.7 % to 48.8 % , and the Internet penetration rate in developing countries has increased twice as fast as in developed countries .
In recent years , parents pay more and more attention to children's reading , which is a good thing .
The school has donated $ 130 million to the Li Ka-shing Foundation for the second university , and the Li Ka-shing Foundation will invest another 2 billion yuan ( RMB , the same below ) to build Shantou University from next year .
But he has also come to realize that he has not been able to make a contribution worthy of this " glory " to his hometown .
Among them , the results of two human-vehicle collision accidents in 2017 have been widely concerned .
Growing up in rural China in the 1970s and 1980s , I knew how important product safety was to a platform dedicated to serving thousands of households .
In the future , Chinese enterprises are expected to develop more extensive cooperation with Israel on railway , light rail , port , aviation and other construction projects .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) recently warned St . Paul of the high risk of contracting the disease , reminding foreign visitors there to be vaccinated 10 days in advance .
To this end , the association is urging Americans to take the necessary precautions to avoid spreading the flu and to protect themselves and the health of others .
The Confucius Institute of the University of Sarajevo , which was formally established in 2015 , is the first Confucius Institute in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Coronary artery chronic complete occlusion ( CTO ) is described as the " last bastion " of interventional treatment of coronary heart disease , with a success rate of about 70 % .
It is reported that the organization operates mainly in the Kashmir region and has been trying to separate the region from India .
Because of this , some people sigh , not everyone with a pair of big eyes can have the same luck as Su Mingjuan , all hard-working people , may not be able to counter-attack success .
Since arriving in the mission area , medical teams have carried out a number of emergency tasks such as rescuing the wounded of Pakistan's peace-keeping and friendly forces .
French President Makelon released the video on social media website Twitter on 21 .
The World Health Organization says local transmission from mosquitoes to humans has not been found in mainland China , although there have been cases of Zhai-ka virus imported into the country .
During those four years , his only pleasure was to use his weekends to travel and make friends all over the country
South Korea's environment ministry also said it could not directly blame China for the impact of China's haze on South Korea because there were no joint research results and no definitive authoritative information .
As of June 2016 , a total of 114 lunar and 43 Mars missions had been carried out around the globe .
At present , the proportion of China's traditional industrial economy is still more than 70 percent , including energy , transport , telecommunications and general services , with direct attention to the national economy and the people's livelihood .
At present , with the joint efforts of China and ASEAN countries , the situation in the South China Sea has steadily improved .
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , on December 27 , 2017 , Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the 2017 meeting of the Director-General of the National Foreign Affairs Office in Shijiazhuang City , Hebei Province , and made a report .
Born in 1989 , he came to Melbourne from Chongqing seven years ago to study .
In 2017 , China invested more than 10 billion yuan in fixed assets in education , with a growth rate of 20.2 percent , and for the first time exceeded mining investment in absolute terms .
In addition , China and France will work together in the field of space exploration , saying they will carry out a series of cooperation in the areas of near-Earth orbit , the moon and Mars' unmanned and manned exploration in the future .
On the scene of the carnival , members of the public can also visit the local selected fresh crops and young fish displayed in the exhibition area in addition to their favourite agricultural products .
The World Meteorological Organization said the damage caused by the global extreme climate in 2017 was as high as $ 330 billion .
" Chinese caviar " not only boarded German Lufthansa first class , but also appeared at the Oscar dinner , appeared at the G20 Hangzhou summit welcome dinner .
Zhang Hongping told reporters that many small and medium-sized enterprises in the " Yangtze River Delta " region have a strong demand for cotton yarn , blue wet leather and other materials in Central Asia , but the cross-border e-commerce links such as customs clearance , settlement and logistics are still unsatisfactory , and cross-border trade has been affected to a certain extent .
On June 28 , 2016 , terrorists from the " Islamic State " attacked a bar in the Malaysian state of Selangor with a hand grenade , injuring eight people , the first terrorist attack in Malaysia .
Wang Lei admits that health-care start-ups will be harder than other industries . " It's not just a matter of how much money you have , it's also a matter of sinking your heart and enduring loneliness to do it slowly . "
These issues have aroused the attention of the relevant departments , but also caused the outside world on whether to restrict the enterprise to go out of the various discussions .
It is understood that financial document intelligent products based on the cutting-edge technology of artificial intelligence will greatly improve the efficiency of financial practitioners .
Mr . Lu stressed on the 20th that China has indisputable sovereignty over Huangyan Island and its adjacent waters .
According to statistics , from the fall of Pingjin to August 1938 , most of China's 108 institutions of higher learning were destroyed by Japanese bombing , of which 10 were completely destroyed , and 25 institutions were forced to suspend operations .
With the popularity of UAVs , more and more customers like to add aerial pictures to promotional films or movies .
Hemingway once likened writing to an iceberg on the sea , and there was a great deal of implication below the surface of the sea .
Convolution neural network , has a strong feature extraction ability , so that it is widely used in image classification recognition , target tracking and other fields .
The well-known Human Genome Project , based on one-generation sequencing technology , takes more than a decade to detect a complete set of human genome codes , which can be shortened to half a day using the existing two-generation sequencing technology .
Although there is a language barrier , but with the help of subtitle translation , the European audience can also understand " Tang Xianzu " .
With the further development of the supply-side structural reform , in 2017 , the added value of China's service sector accounted for 51.6 % of GDP , contributing 58.8 % to economic growth , and the service sector remained the first driving force in the economy .
The two main suspects , a 25 - year-old Indonesian woman and a 28 - year-old Vietnamese woman , were charged with murder Wednesday .
The Chief Executive of the Macao Special Administrative Region , Cui Shian , said on the 12th that the Constitution is the fundamental law of the state , the highest legal basis for " one country , two systems " and the basis for the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region .
It is reported that there are more than 3,000 left-behind children in the mid-west of Huangyan , most of whom live at home with their elderly grandparents , because their parents need to go out to work to earn money , and they can only see their parents once a year .
At the same time , the current shortage of land and talent in Hong Kong needs more time to resolve .
International academia has argued for more than 100 years about the origin of birds , but in the past there has been a lack of fossil evidence .
China has always respected the sovereignty and independence of Cambodia and firmly supported Cambodia in its path of development in line with its national conditions .
Japanese automakers such as Toyota and Nissan said today they will cut production or even suspend domestic car production as a result of a strong earthquake that hit Japan this week , causing a shortage of car components .
Amazon's share of the US online retail market , for example , has reached 34 % and is expected to rise to 50 % by 2020 , but in China , Amazon's market share is less than 1 % , far behind Alibaba and Beijing .
Yang Shi-lin , who came out of the mountains , could best understand the needs of the Chinese countryside . He felt his responsibility as a Chinese youth . " I must study hard and bring back the technology I have learned to the motherland . "
Relevant data show that the global space industry is growing at a rapid rate of 6 % to 7 % every year , and the size of China's space market will reach 800 billion yuan in 2020 .
A gas pipeline linking China and Russia is also under construction .
A PECC study predicts that the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Area will bring $ 2.4 trillion in economic growth to the global economy by 2025 .
After the founding of New China , facing the difficulties of domestic poverty and hostility to the blockade of the West , China's socialist construction has still made great achievements .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chun Ying said on the 29 th that the report said the situation is not in line with the facts .
In 2004 , after 42 years of service at NASA , the 74 - year-old space veteran announced his retirement .
At present , Jia Yue-ting is the largest shareholder , holding 25.67 % , these shares have been basically pledged .
At present , automatic driving is an important application of artificial intelligence in the automotive field , and the world's automobile giants are developing automatic driving technology .
It is said that good Kobe beef can be sold for more than $ 150 ( about 962 yuan ) a pound .
If the device itself has security vulnerabilities , or if the protection mechanism is not perfect , hackers can remotely manipulate personal devices through loopholes , backdoors and so on , Mr . Wu said .
Because the Earth's core is thousands of kilometers deep underground , it is very difficult to understand the characteristics of its motion changes
The technology uses in-depth learning , allowing the system to learn images of 10,000 people walking in all directions .
Gates now stands at $ 93.3 billion , the second-largest in the world , according to Bloomberg . Before the dotcom bubble burst , Gates was worth more than $ 100 billion , or $ 148 billion .
Engels pointed out that there was no great historical disaster that did not compensate for the progress of history .
It is reported that at this meeting , the IOC , together with BOCOG , will formally invite 205 members of the IOC to participate in the 2008 Olympic Games .
Putin visited Syria's Hermim Air Force Base on December 11 , visited Russian troops stationed there , met with Bashar and announced the withdrawal of Russian troops .
U . S . President Chuan Pu and Chinese President Xi Jinping said in a telephone conversation that the United States recognizes China's position of sovereignty over self-governing Taiwan and respects the " one China " policy .
The ocean is a source of food for more than 500 million people worldwide and provides jobs for 350 million people .
China's investment in Macedonia began in 2006 , and in Serbia it began in 2008 . In 2009 , Chinese ocean carriers bought the Greek port of Piraeus .
The new export orders index and the import index rose for two consecutive months , from 51.9 % in December to 51.2 % in December , up 1.1 and 0.2 percentage points from last month , respectively , as a result of the overall recovery of the world economy and accelerated global trade growth .
At the end of 2017 , Xu became the " double richest man " on the latest 2017 Forbes China 400 Rich List and Hurun Rich List .
A prehistoric pyramidal site has recently been found in Kazakhstan , or 1,000 years earlier than the Egyptian pyramids .
To a certain extent , artificial intelligence will be more precise and intelligent than the human brain , ensuring the delivery of high-quality military personnel to the right position , according to Zhang Jiao , a medical doctor .
People with flu should stay at home and not go to work or school for a week .
" Aggregated Induced Luminescence " is the first original concept put forward by Chinese scientists , which has opened up a new field of luminescent materials .
The top rich steal about $ 200 billion a year , often at the expense of ordinary employees .
On the one hand , artificial intelligence is also likely to misjudge criminal behavior , so while promoting technological improvement , we must also try to improve the accuracy through the participation of the human eye .
Although the current vaccine is not entirely effective for the transmission of the virus , it is still the best way to prevent infection .
As you can see in the Google App Store , the UC browser has an average score of 4.5 points , more than 16 million people are evaluated , and as many as 11 million people are appraised .
In the third quarter of last year , the cumulative profits of China's mobile phone brands exceeded $ 1.5 billion for the first time in a quarter , a qualitative breakthrough .
The U . S . market for GM products is mainly regulated by three departments , namely the FDA , the EPA and the Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
The latest data show that in nearly a year , the first-hand rental housing source waiting time has not been shortened , but has been extended .
Anfengshan said it is well known that the United Nations is an international organization composed of sovereign states and pursues the one-China policy .
The mission was the 260 th flight of the Long March series of carrier rockets .
The photoelectric scientist has made outstanding achievements in micro-nano engineering , nano-equipment and other fields . He is a Fellow of the National Academy of Engineering of the United States and a Foreign Fellow of the Chinese Academy of Sciences .
Microphones have changed the way people communicate , video calls and voice calls have reduced the number of calls they make , and " chat on microletters in detail " seems to have become a common phrase .
China is firmly opposed to the recent adoption by the House of Representatives of the United States Congress of the Taiwan-related bill , which seriously violates the one-China policy and the principles of the three Sino-US joint communiqu  s and interferes in China's internal affairs , Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu said on the 11th .
Macedonia declared its independence in 1991 and joined the United Nations in 1993 in the name of " The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia " .
The result indicates that " Mozi " already has the ability to realize intercontinental quantum secret communication .
In dealing with climate change , no country can stay away from it .
In August 2017 , retail giant Wal-Mart and Internet giant Google announced that they would work together to launch voice shopping services against their common enemy , Amazon .
According to the data , the global average surface temperature in 2017 was about 1.1 degrees Celsius higher than in the pre-industrial era .
In Mr Fan's view , the renminbi is less likely to fall sharply in the medium and short term , and is more likely to remain stable at current levels .
In response to a question about Taiwan's recent defense-related report , Anfeng Shan made the response .
Many people have noted that since the beginning of this century , the birth rate in South Korea has been below 1.5 % , and the problem of ageing is becoming more and more serious .
On the 20th , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu generously stressed that the conduct of US warships harms China's sovereignty and security interests , poses a serious threat to the safety of Chinese vessels and personnel carrying out normal official activities in the relevant sea areas , violates the basic norms of international relations , and expresses China's strong dissatisfaction with this , and will take necessary measures to firmly safeguard China's sovereignty .
Last year , Amir Khan starred in the movie " Wrestling ! Dad " became a dark horse in China , eventually earning 1.29 billion yuan at the box office .
Overall , the average confidence of the American people in institutions has fallen by 37 percentage points , and the average trust of the Chinese people in institutions has risen by 27 percentage points , the highest of the 28 countries ( regions ) surveyed .
'Before he came to the United States , he wanted to look for a book to see other people's experience , but he looked through Xinhua Bookstore and couldn't find a book about studying in American high school , ' Mr . Wang said in his first hairstyle statement .
It is understood that in all electronic evidence , the most core , the most crucial is the electronic identity card .
In the end , the painting was sold at a price of $ 450.3 million , or about Rmb29.86 billion , setting the " most expensive " record for an art auction .
According to the Beijing News , data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on January 18 showed that 17.23 million people were born in 2017 , a decrease of 630,000 from the previous year .
A few months later , the Government of India bought eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft for the first time and deployed in the Indian Ocean in 2013 . In 2016 , India again bought four P-8I at the original price .
Yuan Chengye has long been engaged in the study of extractant chemistry and organophosphorus chemistry , and is one of the founders of Chinese extractant chemistry research .
Bertich , now 19th in the world , is preparing for the Qatari Open , the first event of the new season , and he is also aiming for the Grand Slam title .
Earlier in the day , the British team beat South Africa 7 - 5 , which may have affected their form in the final .
At the invitation of the competition sponsor , Yang Shilin became the torchbearer of the Pingchang Winter Games .
In mid-2016 , however , Forbes magazine changed her fortune from $ 4.5 billion to $ 0 .
After the July 7 Incident in 1937 , Japan launched a full-scale war of aggression against China .
China has always fully and strictly implemented the UN Security Council resolutions and will never allow Chinese citizens and enterprises to engage in activities in violation of Security Council resolutions .
On the 16th , UN Secretary-General Guterres highly commended China for its vital role in the global response to climate change and encouraged China to continue to play an important role in the future .
Since May 2017 , there have been more than 160 incidents of armed conflicts , terrorist attacks and demonstrations in Mali .
The rise of science and technology in China will have a positive impact on global scientific and technological innovation . The EU should further strengthen its cooperation with China in the field of science and technology
She said that China has always fully and strictly implemented Security Council resolutions , fulfilled its international obligations and will never allow Chinese citizens and enterprises to engage in activities in violation of Security Council resolutions .
Not long ago , China's National Energy Administration announced that it would invest 2.5 trillion yuan in alternative energy by 2020 .
In order to avoid criticism due to unconstitutionality , Japan tried to disguise and sophistry , and classified the attacking aircraft carrier as a " defensive " weapon .
Zhejiang Geely Holdings on the 27th announced an agreement with Cevian Capital , the European fund company , to buy 88.47 million shares of A-shares and 78.77 million shares of B-shares owned by the Volvo Group .
After delivery of the project , Geely Holdings will own 8.2 % of Volvo Group , become its largest shareholder and have 15.6 % voting rights .
The head of the Industry Coordination Division of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out here today that steel overcapacity is a global problem .
According to public opinion analysis , after Trump took office at the beginning of last year , the interaction between the leaders of Britain and the United States has lagged far behind that of the past , and cooperation in major international affairs has decreased and differences are increasing , and the " special relationship " between Britain and the United States is facing a huge test .
The fundamental improvement of the quality of atmospheric environment is still a long-term , complex and arduous process .
On January 4 , 2017 , Moby completed D-round financing , amounting to US $ 200 million , investors including Tencent , Hua Ping investment , Ctrip and so on
Wang Fuming's sister , Wang Fumei , told reporters in Beijing that her future ideal is to be a doctor because her grandmother is often ill .
The year 2018 is the 40th year for China to implement reform and opening-up .
The Moroccan Football Association submitted a formal application to FIFA last August to host the 2026 World Cup .
Israel has begun to diagnose the real causes of cancer and other diseases by cracking and analyzing human genes .
A new breakthrough has been made in the clinical study of stem cell intervention in premature ovarian failure in China , according to China's " Central News " .
The two works , which beat 600 books from 32 countries , are among the 14 award-winning books selected in Leipzig , Germany .
This year , China will launch more than ten Beidou satellites again , and set up a basic system consisting of 18 satellites to provide services to the countries along the " all the way " and the surrounding countries .
Next , the team will follow the trend of technology development by studying high-quality depth cameras based on neural chips so that they can be used in smart cars and unmanned driving , and actively promote the wide application of neural chips in the Internet + related fields .
Wang said , an accidental opportunity , he came into contact with marijuana and began to smoke .
Later , the school asked the then socialite for advice , received widespread approval , and decided to set up the ancient pagoda-style water tower .
In March 2017 , Pu'er coffee became the top 10 brand value of China's agricultural region with a brand value of 11,136 million yuan .
'It can't be said that there is no risk in this investment , ' he said . 'But from the current reaction of all sides , it is very positive . '
According to Japanese media reports , the clean-up of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is not expected to be completed until at least 2051 , but it is unclear whether it will be achieved on time .
She said that the Chairman's reply to the Chinese students at Moscow University was based on the Chairman's concern and high hopes for the young generation and the vast number of foreign students .
The IOC did not explain why the remaining 111 Russian athletes were not qualified and did not disclose the names of the athletes on the list , saying only that they were not 46 who were disqualified at the Sochi Winter Games , the report said .
From January to October 2017 , bilateral trade between China and the UK reached US $ 65.1 billion , while UK exports to China grew by 11.3 % year-on-year , and China continued to be one of the fastest growing export markets in the UK .
And the leader of this revolution is the high-tech giant Alibaba Group's payment treasure and Tencent's micro-letter payment .
Experts said that from the manufacturing and non-manufacturing PMI trend , China's current economic stability to a better development trend is more obvious .
Wang Xinglian this year 73 years old , Wang Shuyu 71 years old , are tiger head village local people , all began to practice medicine in the 1970s .
Only by giving up the " Taiwan independence " position and hostile thinking can the Taiwan side truly maintain peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits .
China has become more and more innovative over the past decade and has demonstrated its determination to protect intellectual property rights .
As a developing country , China and Latin America are at a similar stage of development , facing the same development tasks and each other's development opportunities .
" It took us five years to formally submit an application to the FDA in 2013 and finally get a commercial license , " Lin said .
A week ago , Yao Ming became chairman of the Chinese Basketball Association after the first CBA All-Star ended in Shenzhen .
With the personal concern and strong impetus of President Xi Jinping and President Bachelet , the comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries has made great progress .
According to the World Exchange Federation , Shanghai Stock Exchange's total market value , secondary market turnover and IPO financing ranked 4th , 5th and second on the global exchange .
In May 2016 , Huawei accused Samsung of infringement and filed a lawsuit against Samsung in the North District Court in California and the Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court
Obviously , in a divided world , it is not easy to find common ground , and it is more difficult to form a consensus .
In the end , Kenya's Mongara won the men's team in 2 hours , 13 minutes and 38 seconds , while Ethiopia's Salad won the women's team in 2 hours , 29 minutes and 36 seconds .
In 2016 , 95 percent of the 731 million Chinese Internet users were able to access the Internet via smartphones , of which more than 470 million could be paid online through mobile devices .
The Australian Sailing Championship is currently one of Australia's largest and most influential national sailing events , held once a year .
" The peaceful development of cross-Straits relations is the fundamental guarantee of peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits , and the secession of " Taiwan independence " is the biggest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits , " Anfeng Shan , a spokesman for the National Taiwan Affairs Office , said at a regular press conference on the 27th .
At present , Hong Kong is the first place for foreign direct investment in the Mainland , and Hong Kong is the second largest trading partner in the Mainland .
In view of how to prevent graduation anxiety , Shiyao believes that it is necessary to do a good career planning during college .
On January 5 , the renminbi hit 6.4915 against the U . S . dollar , breaking 6.5 again .
Compared with developed countries , most of China's manufacturing enterprises are still implementing a product-oriented strategy , which not only does not meet customer demand well , but also affects and restricts China's manufacturing industry's participation in domestic and international competition .
Here , I would like to extend New Year's greetings to the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country , to our compatriots in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , the Macao Special Administrative Region , Taiwan and overseas Chinese !
According to the Ministry of Education , more than 90 % of these students are studying in English-speaking countries , such as the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia , and 70 % are studying for at least a bachelor's degree .
Now , under the joint efforts of the government and all sectors of society , the protection of the ancient village has basically formed a consensus .
Zhang Ying-ying , a Chinese scholar , recently made new progress in the killing in the United States .
It is understood that a major focus of the China-EU Tourism Year is to promote non-well-known European tourist attractions to Chinese tourists .
Nineteen major reports pointed out that the protection and improvement of people's livelihood should capture the most direct and realistic interests of the people .
China's role in regional cooperation has always been positive and highly recognized by regional countries .
According to the internationally accepted aging standards , countries or regions where the proportion of the population over the age of 60 has reached 10 % of the total population or 7 % of the total population over the age of 65 have entered an aging society .
But this kind of education also has its disadvantages , including the growth of disabled children in a relatively isolated environment , which is not conducive to their integration into society , but also affects the formation of their sound personality .
National defense mobilization is an important chain to transform war potential into war strength .
In a telephone conversation with Trump on the 16th , Xi Jinping introduced his views on the current situation on the Korean Peninsula and pointed out some positive changes in the situation on the Korean Peninsula .
There is a potential risk of conflict in cross-Straits relations , which greatly affects the confidence of enterprises to invest in Taiwan . Insufficient investment leads to relatively weak economic growth , resulting in a series of livelihood problems such as low employment opportunities and low wages .
Over the past few days , the relevant departments of the county have also implemented 28.38 million yuan of school aid for more than 690 poverty-stricken college students .
A fishing boat sank after a collision with a cargo ship in the sea near Hong Kong on the night of the 20th . After nearly a day of search and rescue , seven crew members were still missing .
British Prime Minister Theresa May promised the public on the 11th that the British government would implement a 25 - year plan to eliminate all avoidable plastic waste pollution by 2042 .
Today , Brazil has attracted the attention of the international oil industry with its rich salt reserves .
Zhang Xiang , born in the Mainland , was about to take up the post of Vice-Chancellor of the University of Hong Kong . As soon as the news of his appointment came out , there was a lot of heated debate .
Analysts pointed out that in the context of the rise of anti-globalization and protectionist trends , the construction of a comprehensive , high-quality Asia-Pacific free trade zone will give new impetus to the realization of economic integration in the Asia-Pacific region .
Microsoft will transform a variety of Chinese support research models into the core technology of production , and develop an intention-oriented Swift Key Chinese intelligent input .
It is an important event in the history of the Silk Road that the ancient moon moved west to Central Asia . For a long time , there have been several different views in Chinese and foreign academic circles about the place of origin before the moon moved west .
The use of CRISPR gene editing technology in the treatment of cancer is considered to be a revolutionary cancer therapy .
German researchers used mouse experiments to find that the immune system , in addition to playing a defensive role , may also contribute to the formation of cancer .
Pay treasure and micro-letter payment are based on two-dimensional code , this small black-and-white square lattice can store more than 300 times as much information as a bit code .
Wendiya , which was introduced in 1999 , is an insulin sensitizer for the treatment of type 2 diabetes .
Before 2017 , he revealed , most of the students studied UAVs for both employment and interest .
Computer security experts say more cars are expected to be stolen because of the growing number of cars connected to the Internet .
The technology industry should never forget that it is our humanity and humility that make it possible for technology to have a positive impact on human life .
In a speech on January 17 , 2017 , British Prime Minister Theresa May stressed that trade between Britain and the EU is important , but Britain also places greater emphasis on trade relations with other fast-growing markets around the world .
A recent media survey of 2008 respondents showed that more than half of the respondents had been fooled by false information about health care .
The 25th informal meeting of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) leaders will be held in the central Vietnamese city of Danang from 10 to 11 , and the process of the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Area ( FTAAP ) is one of the hot topics discussed at the meeting .
It is within the scope of China's sovereignty for China to carry out peace-building activities and deploy necessary defense facilities on the South China Sea reef .
The project gives all educators a new way of thinking-not to teach , but to create a new learning environment for students and prepare them for their future lives .
Qin briefed Pakistan on the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , positively appraised the achievements of the comprehensive and rapid development of China-Pakistan relations in recent years , and said that in the current international situation , it is of great significance for China and Pakistan to further strengthen cooperation as a major developing country and a comprehensive strategic partner .
Japan's Tokyo Electric Power Company released its latest findings on the inside of Unit 2 of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant on the night of the 19th , the first discovery of nuclear residue after melting the reactor core .
When the Associated Press took stock of the U . S . company's 2017 " big winner " , the first list was Amazon .
From 15 to 19 , 16 think-tank representatives from 11 countries , including Angola , Kenya and South Africa , were invited to visit China .
China imported 7.3 million tons of waste plastics in 2016 , accounting for 56 percent of the world's waste plastics imports that year , according to the Thomson Reuters Foundation , an economic information agency .
Wang Zhidong , acting lawyer for Zhang Yingying's family , said the family was pleased with the Minister of Justice's decision and thanked him and the local prosecutor for considering and respecting the family's request and making a decision consistent with the wishes of the family .
In 2017 , electronics giant Amazon moved around the world , not only successfully launching artificial intelligence terminals , but also under the line , opening a new retail chapter .
Although China is the world's second-largest pharmaceutical market after the United States , some of the most effective modern drugs are not on sale .
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin Province , data from China , the United States , Russia and other countries jointly monitored in 1998 showed that there were only 4 to 6 wild Siberian tigers in Jilin Province , and 3 to 5 northeast leopards in Jilin Province .
Russian media said Putin will own a new home-made car : the unit price is 15 % cheaper than Mercedes-Benz
Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Manturov said the unit price of President Vladimir Putin's " motorcade " started at 600 - 7 million roubles , Russian media reported on January 18 .
The budget goal is to keep prices 15 % lower than Mercedes-Benz S-class cars .
Russia's National Institute of Automotive Engineering ( NAMI ) , the president's main research and development unit , will deliver 16 vehicles to the Federal Security Agency from late February to early March .
The team , which has a budget of 12.4 billion roubles , is required to use a unified module platform to build three types of cars for the country's top figures--extended cars , three-car cars and small passenger cars , the report said .
The news of the president's first home-made limousine since the Soviet Union came about five years ago , and the new car will be fitted with 800 horsepower engines and armor , weighing six tons , according to research and development units .
It is reported that Germany Porsche's engineering team participated in the research and development of power equipment .
According to a report by TASS on January 16 , Manturov told reporters that the " motorcade " series of cars will be retailing from 2019 , with all kinds of models available .
" Starting next year , all interested people will be able to order , whether it's bulletproof or luxury , without any sales restrictions , " the minister said .
Russia's Ministry of Industry and Trade plans to increase the annual output of the " motorcade " series to more than 1,000 vehicles after 2020 .
" We are now producing 18 vehicles at full capacity , producing more than 70 this year , 200 next year and 300 or more next year , " Manturov said .
( Compile / Ho Wing Chun )
American Media : Scientists at the Air Force Engineering University of China study laser satellites for the removal of space waste
Chinese scientists have come up with a bold and innovative proposal to use large lasers to clean up cluttered Earth orbits , destroy old satellites and their sky garbage , US media said on Monday .
Researchers at China Air Force Engineering University wrote a paper on how space debris can be irradiated into smaller , less damaging pieces by using a space-based platform laser , according to a study entitled " Sky-based Laser Removal of Small-Scale Space Fragments Variable Track Model " .
Space waste has been a concern of international space agencies for years , and NASA has considered a variety of options to track , detect and remove man-made debris , the report said .
The ways to remove large-scale space debris include giant nets used to clean up and collect waste , as well as magnets that can be used to suck them out of orbit . Chinese scientists conducted laser simulations and concluded that this would be an effective way to clean up the Earth's orbit .
" ( Simulation study ) provides a necessary theoretical basis for the application of space debris removal technology in space-based platform , " the paper said .
A 2014 study by Lockheed Martin , the US defence giant , found that there are about 200 threats a day for satellites in orbit .
High-speed debris moving along the Earth's orbit is seen as a serious threat to future space missions , described by experts at the European Space Agency as a " deadly chain of threats " . High-speed debris has continued to increase over the past year .
Space is basically empty , but the space next to the Earth is becoming more crowded , and each satellite we send into space will eventually become another piece of debris orbiting the Earth , and over time the debris will pile up .
The more debris , the more likely a satellite that is still functioning is to be hit by debris , thereby damaging or destroying a multimillion-dollar investment .
All space agencies have drawn up plans to clean up space waste in the future , the report said .
NASA is considering using jet gas to reduce the speed of debris and get it out of orbit . Europe is considering launching a satellite carrying a large net to capture debris and bring it back to Earth . Japan's idea is to capture debris with an electric chain .
For now , China has also come up with a solution to space waste , using a large laser to smash floating space waste into less harmful debris .
The installation of such a laser on a satellite would be effective enough to clean up space , at least according to simulation results , according to a paper published by a group of researchers at China Air Force Engineering University in the German journal Optics .
The only way to prove its effectiveness is to test it , and there are no plans for such a mission , but perhaps sooner or later someone will install a laser on a satellite and send it into space , the report said .
Once done , we can finally begin to eliminate the problem of space rubbish once and for all .
( Compile / Hu Jing , Wang Hai Fang )
Xi Jinping's Mystery of Strictly Governing the Party in an All-round Way
On January 11 , at the second plenary meeting of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered an important speech , stressing that " the persistence on the road will lead the Party to an all-round and strict administration of the Party and create a new situation of all-round and strict administration of the Party " .
On the comprehensive strict rule of the Party , General Secretary Xi Jinping has a lot of images of the metaphor , together review !
" Tigers " should be beaten openly , and " flies " should be fluttered , and the Party should be promoted to extend to the grass-roots level in an all-round way , and the problem of corruption that occurs around the masses should be severely remedied .
--On January 11 , 2018 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Second Plenary Session of the 19th Central Discipline Inspection Committee of the Communist Party of China
In order to ensure that the power given by the Party and the people is not abused , and that the sharp sword of punishing evil and good will never be exposed to dust , the vast number of cadres in charge of discipline inspection and supervision should be loyal , conscientious , abide by discipline and law , and be clean and honest , so as to ensure that the power given by the Party and the people is not misused .
--On January 11 , 2018 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Second Plenary Session of the 19th Central Discipline Inspection Committee of the Communist Party of China
Grasp the implementation must not come into full swing , just shout slogans , do not act can not , the meeting alone , the issuance of documents is not enough , must fall to the ground .
--From December 25 to 26 , 2017 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Democratic Life Conference held by the Political Bureau of the Central Committee
All comrades in the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the People's Republic of China should know the truth in history , not reverse the public and private affairs , confuse the right and wrong , blur the right and wrong , indulge their kinship , and take the lead in the " wind vane " of good integrity and self-discipline , so as to promote the formation of a clean and clean Party style .
--From December 25 to 26 , 2017 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Democratic Life Conference held by the Political Bureau of the Central Committee
If you choose a person who is a vane , you will have the style of cadres , and even the style of the Party .
--Speech by Xi Jinping at the National Organizational Work Conference on June 28 , 2013
To unite and lead the people in the great struggle , advance the great cause and realize the great dream , the Party must unswervingly uphold and improve the Party's leadership , and unswervingly build the Party stronger and stronger .
--Xi Jinping pointed out in his report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18 , 2017
At present , the situation of the fight against corruption is still serious and complex , and the determination to consolidate the overwhelming situation and win the overwhelming victory must be as firm as a rock .
--Xi Jinping pointed out in his report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18 , 2017
Adhere to the anti-corruption ban , complete coverage , zero tolerance , unswervingly " hit the tiger " , " beat the fly " , " hunt the fox " , do not dare to rot the goal of the initial realization , can not rot the cage more firmly , do not want to rot the dyke is being built , anti-corruption struggle overwhelming situation has formed and consolidated development .
--Xi Jinping pointed out in his report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18 , 2017
Leading cadres at all levels should take the lead in the implementation of the " Guidelines " and " Regulations " , make good use of the right " steering wheel " , fasten a clean " seatbelt " , stir up turbidity and dispel evil spirits , and consciously contribute to the building of a clean and clean political ecology and fulfill their duties .
--On March 8 , 2017 , Xi stressed when attending the deliberations of the Sichuan delegation at the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress
Our Party's anti-corruption campaign is not a " snobbish shop " , a " card house " for power and profit , or a " dead-end building " .
--Speech by Xi Jinping at the 6th Plenary Meeting of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection on January 12 , 2016
The key to achieving the goal of building a well-off society in an all-round way and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is to train a contingent of cadres with iron general belief , iron general belief , iron general discipline and iron general responsibility .
--Speech by Xi Jinping at the Work Conference of the National Party School on December 11 , 2015
We should push forward the fight against corruption , pull out " rotten trees " under the atmosphere , treat " sick trees " and " crooked trees " , so that leading cadres will be alerted , warned and warned .
--On March 6 , 2015 , Xi Jinping pointed out during the deliberations of the Jiangxi delegation at the Third Session of the 12th National People's Congress
The ideal belief is the " calcium " of the spirit of the Communists . It is necessary to strengthen the ideological and political construction and solve the " general switch " problem of world outlook , outlook on life and values .
--On January 20 , 2014 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the first batch of summing-up and the second batch of deployment meetings of the Party's mass line education activities
In order to effectively carry out organizational discipline , we must not engage in special , with exceptions , Party organizations at all levels should dare to take charge of it , so that discipline can truly become a live high-voltage line .
--On January 14 , 2014 , Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Disciplinary Committee
Criticism and self-criticism is a good medicine , a true love for our comrades and ourselves . It takes courage and Party spirit to carry out criticism and self-criticism , and we cannot throw away our weapons of self-defense and healing .
--On September 25 , 2013 , Xi Jinping emphasized in guiding the thematic democratic life of the Hebei Provincial Standing Committee
It is necessary to strengthen the restriction and supervision of the operation of power , put the power into the cage of the system , and form a disciplinary mechanism that does not dare to rot , a preventive mechanism that does not rot , and a safeguard mechanism that is not easy to rot .
--Speech by Xi Jinping at the Second Plenary Session of the 18th Central Disciplinary Committee on January 22 , 2013
China's household debt rate is closer to that of the United States than can not afford to buy a home is more terrible is not to pay the debt ?
Recently , everyone is talking about the recent changes in the real estate policy , is the real estate policy to be loosened again ? The land policy supply main body diversification , will let the house price decline ?
But when we were worried about real estate prices , about macro-economic regulation , and about the future of the real estate market , the People's Daily wrote again . Last time we talked specifically about the adjustment of real estate regulation in the People's Daily , and now the People's Daily is writing about a more serious topic than buying affordable housing . Is that even if you can afford to buy a house , you can afford to pay the debt ?
Today , let's talk about a more serious problem than buying a house : loan repayment .
1 . China's growing housing debt crisis
In November 2017 , the National Finance and Development Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the National Balance Sheet Research Center issued a report on the process of deleveraging in China in the third quarter , pointing out that the rate of leverage in the residential sector continued to rise from 47.4 percent in the second quarter of 2017 to 48.3 percent in the third quarter , up from 48.3 percent in the second quarter of 2017 to 3.8 percent in the third quarter of 2017 .
The debt ratio of the resident sector in the whole real economy has increased , and the leverage rate has risen faster .
Studies show that Chinese households' liabilities in financial institutions are dominated by consumer loans , accounting for about two-thirds of residents' liabilities , about twice as much as operating loans .
Among them , in consumer loans , housing loans mainly accounted for about 80 % of the medium-and long-term loans , but from an incremental point of view , short-term consumer loans grew faster , higher than medium-and long-term loans .
In addition , China's household debt rate only counts the total amount of credit received by the family sector from financial institutions , while Chinese households still have a lot of private loans , including borrowing money from relatives and friends , with large-scale implicit debt .
According to statistics from the Su Ning Institute of Finance , the leverage rate for Chinese residents was only 3 % in 1996 and 18 % in 2008 , but it has started to grow rapidly since 2008 , doubling to 36.4 % in just six years and reaching 48.6 % in the third quarter of 2017 .
Last May , HSBC released a survey of nearly tens of thousands of people across nine countries .
The report is aimed at " millennium " young people from nine countries ( born between 1980 and 2000 ) .
China's housing ownership rate for young people after 80 and 90 is as high as 70 % , far ahead of Mexico ( 46 % ) and twice the level of the US target ( 35 % ) , the report said .
The figures tell us that one of the most likely problems is that the biggest potential " grey rhinoceros " for Chinese residents at this stage is likely to be out of debt compared to not being able to afford a home .
Second , why the housing debt crisis is the most serious problem ?
As we have analyzed before , although we have been saying that Chinese house prices are relatively high , but compared to other countries in the world , China's housing ownership rate is actually quite high , so not so high house prices can not afford to buy a house , I am afraid that many friends now have to ask the question is that you can still afford a loan ?
As we look at the real estate market around the world , China's real estate market , due to its late start , has not seen a major real estate crisis in addition to what we said earlier in Hainan , but just a decade ago the origin of the global financial tsunami in 2008 was the real estate crisis in the United States .
The cause of the housing crisis in the United States was blamed on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
At that time , in the golden age of the United States , real estate companies sold their homes to low-income people at a very low price in order to expand sales . At a time when the U . S . economy was doing well , the real estate market was booming , but not for a long time , as the U . S . economy stagnated , resulting in a decline in the income of home buyers , a large number of household spending began to decline .
However , the current state of the United States was an integral part of American household assets , financial assets and real estate assets . Almost all of the family assets of low-income groups in the United States were real estate , while most of the top 20 % of the high-income groups were financial assets , resulting in a higher debt ratio of real estate in the poorer households in the United States .
A serious fact is that these people buy their homes when the economy is better , so the amount of money they pay for their mortgages is also calculated on the basis of their better income . When incomes fall , the pressure on mortgage loans not only does not decrease , but even because some subprime schemes have become more volatile , so the real estate problems of these American families have gradually evolved into a real estate crisis .
As a result , some people cannot afford to pay their mortgages because their incomes are too low , so the banks begin to take back their homes , and when the banks take back their properties from delinquent homeowners , they sell them at very low prices , leading to a gradual decline in house prices in the region , creating a vicious circle in which more and more homeowners find their homes worth even less than their own loans .
A great vicious circle was thus formed :
" The economy is bad--incomes are falling--some people can't afford a mortgage--banks are selling their homes at low prices--house prices are falling--more people stop paying their mortgages--banks are selling them--and house prices are falling . . . "
The problem is more than that , because house prices continue to fall , people stop paying the house to the bank and you don't have any debt . If the bank auctions the house and you don't get the money you owe the bank , then you still need to pay back the money . Simply put , if you use the first 600,000 , 2.4 million loans to buy a 3 million-million-dollar house , and when the house goes down to 2 million , you don't have to pay the bank .
So , in one vicious cycle after another , the U . S . economy gradually collapsed , leading to the U . S . financial crisis of 2008 .
Therefore , at this stage , China's household debt rate reached a high of 46.8 % is a very need to be vigilant , this figure is still below the level of developed countries at present , but the beginning of the problem has begun to emerge , the country has repeatedly stressed the deleveraging problem since last year , this is a very prescient judgment , if the household debt rate is allowed to continue to rise , it will inevitably lead to huge financial risks , so it is necessary to prevent the emergence of financial risks .
So after the house is used to live , not to stir-fry the location , the state has accelerated the establishment of multi-agent supply , multi-channel security , rent-purchase and other multiple measures , further defuse potential risks .
For our individual family , we must give up the thinking of real estate speculation , buy a house according to our ability , to avoid their own family into a huge burden , only a reasonable assessment of their income and debt level is a healthy family wealth development road . 6 . Fortune knocks once at least at every man's gate , at every man's gate , at every man's gate , at every man's gate , and at every man's gate .
Authors : special researcher , financial columnist , financial commentator , Su Ning Institute of Finance .
First micro-letter public number : Jiang Hanvision observation ( jianghanview )
The central price of the people's currency at 6.4401 depreciated 66 basis points in a row to suspend the upward trend
Macroeconomic Tencent Finance 2018 - 01 - 18 9 : 50 Sharing
Tencent Financial News January 18 , the yuan against the US dollar in the middle of the price of 6.4401 , the last trading day of the devaluation of 66 basis points , the end of the previous five consecutive rise .
The overnight market , the dollar warmer , the dollar index out of the V-word form , as at 07 : 30 Beijing time 90.8900 .
Almost all of the 12 Fed regions report moderate to moderate growth in economic activity in early 2018 and remain optimistic about the outlook for the year , according to the Fed's economic brown book .
Meanwhile , the U . S . unemployment rate remained at 4.1 % in December , the lowest since 2000 , and companies are expected to raise wages in the coming months .
Federal Reserve officials generally see tax reform as a factor in supporting this moderately strong economic outlook , with the Fed forecasting growth of 2.5 % in 2018 and raising interest rates three times .
Market figures point out that in recent days , the ECB's monetary policy tightening is expected to push up the euro exchange rate , the dollar index is falling continuously , and the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar is corresponding to a wave of rapid rally , but for now , it is unlikely that the ECB will soon adjust its policy stance , after short-term fluctuations in the foreign exchange market will eventually return to fundamentals , and the RMB exchange rate will continue to run smoothly is a big probability event .
It is worth noting that as the market stabilizes its expectations of the renminbi , the attractiveness of the yuan's assets to foreign investors has become increasingly prominent .
The People's Bank of China authorized the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center to announce that on January 18 , 2018 , the central exchange rate for the inter-bank foreign exchange market was 6.4401 yuan , 7.8482 yuan for the euro , 5.7854 yuan for the 100 yen , 0.82399 yuan for the Hong Kong dollar , 8.9017 yuan for the pound , 5.1302 yuan for the Australian dollar , 5.1302 yuan for the New Zealand dollar , 4.771 yuan for the Swiss franc , 676.47 yuan for the Swiss franc , RMB 1 to 0.61399 Malaysian ringgit , RMB 1 to 8.8352 Russian ruble , RMB 1 to 1.9128 South African rand , RMB 1 to 165.95 won , RMB 1 to 0.57030 UAE Diram , RMB 1 to 0.58233 Saudi rial , RMB 1 to 39.3106 Hungarian forint , RMB 1 to Rmb0.5303 , Rmb1 to Rmb1 to Rmb1 , Rmb1 to Rmb2 , Rmb1 to Rmb2 , Rmb1 to Rmb2 , Rmb2 , Rmb1 to Rmb1 to Rmb1 to Rmb2 , Rmb1 to Rmb1 to Rmb1 , Rmb1 , Rmb1 to Rmb1 , Rmb1 to Rmb1 to Rmb1 , Rmb1 , Rmb1 , Rmb1 , Rmb1 , Rmb1 ,
A picture to understand : Bitcoin's legal status around the world
Absrtact : In addition to the natural price correction triggered by speculative attributes , the collapse of the digital currency has nothing to do with the " old enemy " -regulatory risk .
From the visual map , the Eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than the West , and the world's dominant countries are still watching the legitimacy of the digital currency , representing the " Black Swan risk " is still very large .
* This article is from Wall Street News , editor Wang Mu . For more information , please visit Wallstreetcn . com , or download Wall Street to see APP . *
Bitcoin prices fell below $ 10,000 on Tuesday , their biggest one-day drop in three years , following a spate of regulatory turmoil in major markets such as China , South Korea and the European Union , where the global digital currency , led by Bitcoin , has been bloodied this week .
In addition to the natural price correction triggered by speculative attributes , the collapse of the digital currency has also been linked to the long-standing " old enemy " -regulatory risk .
At this important juncture , Howard Much . net , a visual large data website , produced a map showing the legitimacy and degree of regulation of Bitcoin in countries around the world .
As shown below , green represents the legitimate market for Bitcoin ; orange represents the neutral market , although it has not yet publicly legalized Bitcoin status , but there are no major restrictions on its use ; pale pink represents the restricted market , where local governments try to use digital money through red-line policy or regulation ; deep pink represents Bitcoin is defined as an illegal country ; and grey is a country that has not yet commented .
( Pictured above from the Howard Much . Net Visualization Team on January 15 )
The paper points out that the distribution of non-green color blocks in the picture shows that the traditional oriental countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than in the West .
Russia is the largest country that currently defines Bitcoin as illegal , China is one of the biggest restricted markets for Bitcoin , and India is one of the biggest countries that has yet to comment on Bitcoin and has yet to introduce policies .
North America and Western Europe are the regions with the highest acceptance of Bitcoin , that is , the distribution of green blocks is more concentrated .
In the Middle East and Latin America , there is a marked divergence of views on Bitcoin , and the distribution of color blocks in the above-mentioned areas is more mixed .
Among them , Iraq , Iran , Turkey and Brazil are legitimate Bitcoin markets , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Bolivia have some restrictions on their trading and use , and more Latin American countries have not yet spoken about Bitcoin .
Taken together , the data show that 99 of the 246 countries surveyed worldwide ( or 40 % ) do not impose restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin , i . e . , green and orange areas .
Seven countries ( or 3 % ) are restricted markets ( pale pink ) , 10 countries ( or 4 % ) define Bitcoin as illegal ( deep pink ) , and 130 countries ( or 53 % ) have yet to deal more with digital currency information ( gray ) .
This suggests that countries , which account for 53 % of the world's main body ( more than half ) , are still waiting to see the legitimacy of the digital currency , led by Bitcoin , and that the " black swan risk " of Bitcoin is still large , as some of them may eventually make legislative decisions to limit digital money .
The article argues that global regulators have not yet fully understood the emerging category of digital money , and may be the main reason why most countries have not yet made a statement .
Although the " popularity " of Bitcoin has grown exponentially since last year , it does not mean that all countries are interested , some countries may be concerned about the threat of local currency , or more about the use of digital currency by criminal organizations .
Wall Street has written a detailed summary of international regulatory news on Bitcoin since last week , including China's efforts to crack down on the OTC's centralized service online platform and mobile App , while South Korea is still considering shutting down the digital currency exchange , which the European Union believes has not been widely accepted and warned investors about the risk of " losing their blood " .
From any point of view of regulation , acceptance / criticism and adoption , 2018 will be the year of the global central bank's digital currency .
Russia and other big countries criticized the legitimacy of the Bitcoin , in fact , to give way to the official issue of digital currency .
The BBC calls Beijing the most exciting city : making foreigners feel like " living in a new era "
Beijing may have a long history of 3,000 years , but it is also rapidly becoming today's modern glamour city , according to British media .
The Chinese capital , with its surprisingly high-speed Internet , sophisticated technologies such as face-recognition software , has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and unrivalled international energy , making it one of the most exciting cities for exploratory foreigners .
" If I can succeed there , I can succeed anywhere in the future , " said German expatriate Clemens Seth , who quoted singer Frank Sinatra as praising the lyrics of New York City .
" If Sinatra lived to this day , he would probably sing about cities like Beijing , " said Seth , creative director at Traveler's Archives . " Living in this city will make you feel like you're living in a new era and will always be able to keep up with the trend , " he said .
" People generally have a sense of being at the center of something grandiose , it's hard to say , but it keeps a lot of foreigners there for a long time , " Simon Norton , who recently lives in Beijing , wrote on his personal blog site 4 Corners7 Seas . " They want to see what it's going to be , and they want to see it with their own eyes . "
The city's high-quality , high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make daily life easier than ever before , the report said .
" Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cash-free society , with the Internet integrating the functions of traditional wallets into smartphones , making it easier for everyone to do a lot of deals , " said Andy Penia Fulert , now deputy editor-in-chief of the Beijing Children's Web site in Manila .
But smartphones are just the beginning of Beijing's technological ambitions , and facial recognition software has become so popular that many mobile phone applications use it to make bank transfers and payments , get people into apartments and offices , and even use it to verify the identity of online car drivers , the report said .
Beijing also recently announced plans to spend Rmb13.8 billion to build an artificial intelligence science park , where more than 400 companies will settle , focusing on the development of artificial intelligence technologies ranging from biometric to autopilot .
Food is also at the heart of many major festivals in China over the years . Participation in these celebrations is highly regarded by foreigners , and the Spring Festival is one of the most important social and economic festivals and one of the easiest festivals for foreigners to take part in .
" I suggest helping Chinese friends prepare for the New Year and clean their apartments as well as the red Spring Festival couplets with New Year's greetings posted on their homes . On New Year's Eve , all family members gather together to have a big meal and then stay up until midnight to greet the New Year with loud fireworks . For foreigners , spending the night with friends and family is really an opportunity to blend in , " he said .
The number of foreigners in Beijing is large and growing , but the language barrier in China and the convenience of communication among expatriates are easy to justify their incomplete integration into local culture , the report said .
" Some foreigners have been living in China for many years but have little experience with their host country , " he said . " If your initial attempt to reach out to the Chinese is not successful , it's easy to feel more comfortable with other foreigners . "
In these so-called " foreign bubbles " , foreigners mingle only among foreigners and do not touch local and local cultures . Foreigners huddle in their own communities , eat in Western restaurants , and only foreigners among their friends .
The easiest way to overcome this is to learn a little Mandarin-easier than one might think .
" An hour or two a week of Chinese private lessons or an entry-level radio play should fit everyone's busy schedule , " he said .
Learning even a few classic short sentences can be helpful in shopping , ordering meals in a restaurant or chatting in a taxi .
The report says stubborn air pollution is also a fact of everyday life , but in recent years the government has tried to contain some problems .
Residents stress that it is important to go outdoors in warmer months where pollution is often lighter , using blue sky days as an opportunity to wander through historic alleys or explore popular Ritan parks .
" Beijing is the Chinese city that can find the most things below the surface , " Norton said . " You can find great artistic and musical activities , indulgent nightlife , historical wonders , ultra-modern business districts and ancient Hutongs . "
Will China lag behind if it does not build this type of warship ?
With the recent announcement of plans by the world's major naval powers to build new frigates , it seems that the frigate has become the focus of the naval attention of the major powers overnight . First , Japan decided to purchase two new frigates in its 2018 defense budget , which led to a substantial breakthrough in Japan's DEX frigate plan , followed by the recent announcement by US Lockheed Martin of the latest U . S . FG frigate plan .
With the launch of the latest Type 054A frigate at the end of 2017 , it marks the construction of as many as 29 of the 54A frigates , approaching the total of the 53H series of frigates , and since the launch of the first 054A in 2006 , the 54A has been built for 12 years , even around the world , with the number of such high-performance frigates built in the United States , with the exception of Perry in the 1980s .
And the reason for the construction of so many 054A is simple , that is affordable , easy to use , plus years of naval arrears .
054A frigate has been favored by the Chinese navy for many years because of its high cost-effective and good combat effectiveness . Its 4000 - ton displacement , carrying a 76 - millimetre main gun , 32 - unit sea red flag-16 and fish-8 anti-submarine missile launching system , 8 eagles strike 83 and a straight-9 helicopter , although it was built in 2006 , and the design time of the ship is very early in the world .
But this is , after all , a ship designed at the beginning of the 21st century , with weapons on one side , and its power systems and electronic radar equipment already far behind the world's mainstream frigate , such as Europe's same type of frigate already equipped with full-power propulsion , small multi-functional phased array radar , large-size helicopter deck , the time has come to develop a new model .
So how China's new frigate should develop is directly related to its future positioning and the strategic policy of our Chinese navy .
The future development of the Chinese navy is bound to become a blue-water navy , and the future is bound to go to the ocean . With the rapid deployment and display of force in areas closely related to China's vital interests , it is necessary to have a strong fighting capacity to ensure that China's vital interests in the region will not be damaged , so it appears that the new Hu Wei River will develop towards a large-scale and ocean-going development .
Looking at the positioning of the new frigate in the future Chinese naval sequence , the future Chinese navy should be similar to that of the U . S . Navy . In addition to the necessary offshore defense vessels , other major ships will form aircraft carrier combat groups or amphibious attack groups as needed .
The role of the new frigate in the future aircraft carrier battle group should act as the anti-submarine main force and the mid-to-near area empty position , in the amphibious attack ship strike group should act as the frigate type , then according to this demand the new frigate must have the strong anti-submarine ability and the good mid-range area empty ability .
Based on the above-mentioned positioning , we can boldly imagine the general appearance of the future domestic frigate .
First of all , there will be a significant increase in displacement relative to the current model 054A frigate . It is estimated that the displacement of the new frigate will reach about 5,000 - 6,000 tons . The power system will adopt an integrated power propulsion system consisting of a QC 280 modified gas turbine and two diesel engines , with a maximum speed expected to reach about 30 knots and a substantial increase in endurance ; As for the weapon configuration 76 mm main gun and 1130 near anti-aircraft gun should be retained , but a red flag 10 launch system will be added . Behind the main gun there should be a 32 - 48 unit red flag 16 modified and fish-8 common vertical hair system , which should be installed in the rear of the hull with an 8 - 16 unit large vertical hair system for the launch of eagles and new cruise missiles ; and if the main gun is equipped with a low-level radar system , it should also be used for the development of two-level radar systems .
As a result , the overall level of the new frigate will reach the top level in the world , even when compared with the FFG in the US .
Of course , the above-mentioned concept is only the author's guess on the domestic new frigate , the concrete how we can only wait until the launch of the new frigate , let us look forward to it .
( Makarov )
( Compile / Fung Xue )
Tourism amorous feelings of small town : amorous feelings how drunk tourists
Absrtact : The potential of a small town in Zhejiang has been awakened gradually .
Now these small towns have become an important destination for tourists to appreciate Zhejiang's landscape , read Zhejiang's culture and feel Zhejiang's homesickness . They will also provide important help to our province's efforts to create the most beautiful tourist destination of " Poetic Painting Zhejiang " in China .
Better than amorous feelings
" Social drama gongs and drums with the rise of the moon , sausage fragrance with the wind .
" Walking Shaoxing Anchang ancient town , can be seen everywhere hoop barrels , bamboo weaving , iron beating , shoes , lace picking , spinning cotton and other traditional handicraft skills , fully display the intangible cultural heritage of Anchang ancient town , the Quartet tourists enjoy the experience of Shaoxing folk customs , enjoy the atmosphere of Shaoxing historical and cultural accumulation .
It is reported that this year's New Year's Day three-day holiday period , Anchang ancient town visitors more than 65,000 .
In Zhejiang , such a unique town as Anchang Ancient Town is dotted with : Jiaxing Xitang's billows , flowing with the warmth of Jiangnan Water Township ; Quzhou 28 white wall Dewa , telling the vicissitudes of the thousand-year-old town ; Taizhou Shitang Town fishermen's paintings delineate the traditional and modern life of fishers .
In recent years , with the promotion of tourism construction in the whole region of our province , the potential of Zhejiang town has been awakened gradually .
In 2016 , the General Office of the provincial government officially promulgated the " Measures for the Implementation of the Establishment of Tourist Attractions in Zhejiang Province " , and proposed that about 100 provincial-level tourism towns with honest folk customs , beautiful ecological environment and rich tourism practices should be accepted and named in the province over a period of about five years .
Now these small towns have become an important destination for tourists to appreciate Zhejiang's landscape , read Zhejiang's culture and feel Zhejiang's homesickness . They will also provide important help to our province's efforts to create the most beautiful tourist destination of " Poetic Painting Zhejiang " in China .
The relevant person-in-charge of the provincial tourism bureau introduced that under the upsurge of the creation of the tourist amorous feelings town , the villages and towns in our province now attach more importance to the creation of the personalized tourism industry , new tourism projects and business conditions emerge in an endless stream , bringing rich experience to the tourists and winning a good word-of-mouth .
Focus on Promotion
Recently , sponsored by Zhejiang Tourism Bureau , Zhejiang Daily Newspaper Group and sponsored by Zhejiang Newspaper Group Travel Media Center , Zhejiang Newspaper Group " The Future Artist " Sharing and " Poem Painting Zhejiang ? Town " 2017 Zhejiang Tourism Style Town Promotion Season Closing Ceremony was held in the Exhibition Gallery of Zhejiang Province .
" The little town has the beauty of art and the temperature of life .
The amorous feelings of the small town lies in the original juice , the original flavor , the original countryside , a kind of original ecology pure .
" The teacher of the film and television department of the Academy of Television and Animation Arts of the Chinese Academy of Fine Arts , Xie Hanfeng , director of the first-line film and television advertisement in China , and Professor Xu Xiangcai , dean of the School of Art and Communication of the Chinese University of Metrology , told the cross-border story of the " small town in the lens " " small village reconstruction " and other small towns .
Zhejiang's many amorous feelings of tourism towns have deep cultural resources , from the small town of Nanxun , Huzhou City , representative of Dong Xin in the scene for you to interpret the national painting Nanxun .
Jiangnan Shuixiang style has been popular with calligraphers since ancient times . Now , Nanxun ancient town and the Chinese Academy of Fine Arts and other art institutions to carry out in-depth cooperation .
Tourism amorous feelings of the town essential elements , tourism elements , service elements and environmental elements .
In this , the tourism service facilities and the environment is also very important content .
If you hand in a timely umbrella on a rainy day , you can also allow visitors to better experience the town's amorous feelings .
In this shared era , the Zhejiang Newspaper Group Tourism All-Media Center has teamed up with the hottest shared umbrella company to customize a number of " Poem Painting Zhejiang " version of the shared umbrella , hoping to promote the concept of " sharing ? green " , enhance the awareness of tourists and small town residents of civilized tourism and public morality , and create a better tourism environment .
This becomes " poetry painting Zhejiang ? town has amorous feelings " 2017 Zhejiang tourism amorous feelings town promotion season activities in a bright spot .
Looking forward to
So far , Zhejiang Province has released the first 21 provincial-level tourism amorous towns to create a list and 115 provincial-level tourism amorous towns to cultivate and create a list .
As a priority area for the development of rural tourism during the " Thirteenth Five-Year Plan " period , amorous towns will eventually be built into tourist scenic spots above the 3A level , which will become a new model of diversified tourism products , outstanding tourism benefits and win-win industrial integration .
The key to the attraction of a tourist town is its original taste .
Tourism amorous feelings of the town's beauty , not only from the misty small bridge water , but also from a long cultural tradition ; rural rejuvenation , from cultural self-confidence .
Throughout the world , the Dutch town of Lether , the Austrian town of Halstadt and the French town of Pumpkin , with tulips , " salt " and pumpkins as their core attractions , attracts a large number of tourists from all over the world each year to help the town's economy take off .
For the amorous feelings of the small town , the emphasis of " highlighting characteristics , retaining homesickness " makes the small town have obvious personality and soul , but also to provide cultural infiltration , carrying the local culture , to highlight the local civilization .
Tourism amorous feelings of small towns , with culture and homesickness as the link , with the humanities and scenery as the carrier , and then the Quartet tourists , so that the traditional customs and culture in the building and sharing of heritage , innovation .
Essentially , the small town of tourist amorous feelings is a compound open tourist scenic spot , and it should be the living space shared by the local residents and the foreign tourists and even the residents .
As the main battleground for the growth of tourism in the future , tourism-style towns are not only likely to change the ecological outlook of the countryside , the way of economic and social development and the direction of the flow of industrial elements , but also an important force to bridge the gap between urban and rural infrastructure and wake up the revival of rural culture .
In the spring tide of accelerating the rejuvenation of the countryside , the small town of Zhejiang tourism amorous feelings will deduce a richer wonderful story .
China's self-driving tourism market size or more than 10 billion yuan in 2020
[ Abstract ] In the context of rising consumption and the prevalence of free travel , self-driving is encouraged by national policies and loved by more and more consumers .
But at the same time , the self-driving market , which is expected to break through the trillion-dollar scale , is also facing double challenges .
In the context of consumer escalation and the prevalence of free travel , self-driving is encouraged by national policies and favored by more and more consumers .
On the one hand , the development of the self-driving industry is not directly proportional to the market demand . On the other hand , the self-driving organizers , such as self-driving clubs and travel agencies , are facing a meagre profit dilemma . On the other hand , the infrastructure and services facing self-driving travel are still in the primary stage .
60 % of the total number of domestic visitors , the size of the market is expected to exceed 10 billion
In 2016 , the total number of domestic tourists was 4.44 billion , with self-driving accounting for about 60 % of the total number of domestic tourists , and the scale of the self-driving market is expected to exceed 10 billion by 2020 .
According to statistics from the China Travel and Transportation Association on the number of people traveling by car , the number of people traveling by car has continued to increase in the past five years , accounting for more than half of the total number of people traveling in China .
At the same time , more attention and support has been shown at the regional and national levels to the emerging field of self-driving . From 2016 to 2017 , policies and regulations related to self-driving , passenger cars and camping tourism have been introduced intensively .
In July 2017 , the National Tourism Administration , the State General Administration of Sports and other eight departments jointly promulgated the " Plan for the Development of Automotive Self-driving Sports Camp " ; in the same month , the Development and Reform Commission , the Ministry of Finance and other 14 departments jointly issued the Action Plan for Promoting Quality Upgrading of Rural Tourism Development ( 2017 ) , self-driving tours were highlighted .
The introduction of the policy provides opportunities and policy guidance for the development of domestic self-driving tourism .
Self-driving tour club profit is meager , complete industrial chain is the key
Although the domestic self-driving market potential is huge , the national policy is actively guided , but the self-driving industry is still in the primary stage .
According to the China Annual Development Report 2016 - 2017 , there are thousands of self-driving clubs , car clubs and car clubs in China , but the proportion of tourists who arrange their own travel by themselves accounts for the majority , with only about 15 percent of the total number of visitors participating in auto-driving clubs , self-driving clubs and other organizations .
At the same time , there are only a few online travel enterprises and traditional travel agencies that develop their own self-driving products . Many online travel platforms sell only self-driving products provided by some suppliers , and some self-driving clubs are also important suppliers .
From the organization of self-driving activities , covered " eat , live , travel , travel , purchase , entertainment " many aspects , high degree of fragmentation , upstream supply chain heavy , tourists consumption randomness .
Li Guanjie , founder and CEO of the Beijing World Auto Club , believes that the self-driving club is essentially similar to the travel agency . In the early days , the main profit model was based on off-line activities , and the core point is the self-driving line products and tour leader services .
But now in the field of self-driving tour line product homogenization is serious , the tour leader service level is uneven , the self-driving tour club is facing the need of re-transformation .
It can be seen that the self-driving tour itself is not an independent industry , but with its self-driving displacement characteristics to form a cross-region , industry ecological circle , forming a complete industrial chain is very important .
Experts point out that in addition to basic tourism consumption , experience is a more important consumption element .
Therefore , for the development of self-driving industry , we should enhance the experience characteristics , develop the " self-driving + " theme and the IP of self-driving products .
Scenic roads are not only roads , but car camps should not only meet food and lodging
In the face of the rise of self-driving travel , the basic supporting development of self-driving travel is also relatively primary .
Li Guanjie pointed out that the tourist scenic road is not just a road , but the elements of transportation and tourism need to be integrated into it , but the road repair and tourism itself are responsible for the two departments , the transport sector to increase the tourism elements , but also stay in the construction of toilet , consultation center , propaganda column and other facilities , and the integration of tourism is not high .
Compared with the well-known self-driving route " United States 66 Highway " , the construction experience is worth reference .
The scenic route design is no longer the most direct and fast route between the point of departure and the destination , but follows the design concept of " experience driving fun " to provide the best enjoyment for self-driving visitors to enjoy the beautiful scenery along the road . The scenic route can link the point-shaped and face-shaped tourism landscape , preserving the historical value and cultural value of the eco-tourism resources along the route , as well as organizing various thematic activities to enhance the participation and recreation experience of tourists and create economic benefits for local tourism .
In addition to the scenic road , the camp is also an important supporting facility for self-driving tour .
But the new Beijing News reporter knows that among the self-driving tourists , there are not many consumers who choose to stay in the camp .
In their view , many camps tend to be infrastructure-oriented and can only meet the needs of food and shelter , low-grade , single-product , and self-driving , which contains a lot of elements .
Some people in the industry who do not want to be named said that in the past few years , many of the enterprises that do camp are to take the land , take the land , the later supporting infrastructure construction and services have not kept up , operating conditions are a lot of losses , and there is no late capital injection , it is difficult to do some corresponding supporting products .
Consumers
According to data released by the China Travel and Transportation Association in 2017 , self-driving groups are concentrated at 21 - 40 years of age , especially at 31 - 40 years of age , which has a certain economic base and a high demand for personalized tourism , and are mostly parent-child tourists .
From the accommodation survey , self-driving people prefer non-standard accommodation .
From the type of self-driving tour , peripheral self-driving is the main type of self-driving , accounting for 84.32 % .
Outbound self-driving is the yearning of many people , but the ratio is still smaller .
At the same time , with the increase in consumer demand , tourists who used to like to drive " tourist attractions " began to change their minds , instead of " get off the bus to take photos , get on the train to sleep " , but pay more attention to the experience and process of the journey .
Rokid , an intelligent interactive robot developer , gets new investment in Temasek
In recent years , start-ups in the field of artificial intelligence have continued to enjoy a capital boom .
Artificial Intelligence Rokid recently completed a new round of financing , led by Temasek , Credit Suisse , CDIB ( the investment arm of Taiwan's China Development Finance Holdings ) , and old shareholder IDG capital .
It is reported that this round of financing of about $ 100 million , Credit Suisse and CDIB for the first time in the domestic artificial intelligence financing transactions .
Rokid is an intelligent interactive robot developer , dedicated to robotics research , products can control home intelligent equipment , can continue to learn and grow independently , and also has the functions of recognition , understanding , feedback and so on .
This round of financing will be mainly used for research and development , talent introduction , strategic promotion and industrial chain investment layout .
Earlier , in August 2014 , Rokid received IDG , linear capital , Mfund , Yuan Jing capital of US $ 8.3 million Angel Wheel Investment . In October 2015 , the company also received Wadden International Investment , Angel Investor with the investment of US $ 10 million A Wheel Investment ; On November 1 , 2016 , Rokid completed the investment of IDG , IDG , Mfund , and other international financing institutions .
At the time , Rokid said , B-round financing after the company's valuation has reached $ 450 million .
In May 2017 , Rokid released the consumer-level intelligent voice robot " Ruki Moonstone " , which combines artificial intelligence with family scenes at a price of 1,399 yuan .
The robot uses speech synthesis , natural language understanding , speech recognition and microphone array technology , with chat dialogue , playing music , intelligent home functions .
Has won two awards at the International Consumer Electronics Fair ( CES ) Tech For A Better World and Home Audio / Video Competitions , as well as the German IF Design Award , which is known as the Oscar for the design industry .
On the just-closed 2018 CES , Rokid released a new product : consumer-level enhanced reality AR glasses Rokid Glass .
The glasses will be used as a stand-alone headset , with no need to connect to smartphones or external computers , and are expected to be commercialized by 2018 .
Earlier , the company has released first-generation home robot Rokid Alien and second-generation product intelligent speaker Rokid Pebble .
Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome the Russian Prime Minister's visit to China .
Li Keqiang and the Russian Prime Minister co-chaired the 22nd regular meeting of the Prime Minister of China and Russia
Meet the journalists together and attend the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Media Exchange Year .
The 30th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held its third plenary session .
Zhang Dejiang made a report on the inspection of the implementation of the law on the prevention and control of environmental pollution by solid waste .
Zhang Dejiang met with the Russian Prime Minister .
The 23rd Session of the 12th Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference was concluded .
Miss Yue presided over and spoke .
Zhang Gao Li , Wang Yang and Liu Yandong accept the Russian Medal of Friendship .
Wang Yang met with Sri Lanka's foreign minister .
Wang Huning asked at the mobilization meeting of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) to study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party
Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse on November 1 .
Xi welcomed Medvedev's visit to China immediately after the conclusion of the Communist Party's 19th victory , stressing that Russia is China's largest neighbour .
and Comprehensive Strategic Partnership
China's clear objectives and firm determination to develop and deepen China-Russia relations will not change .
China is ready to work with Russia to expand cooperation in all fields and in all directions so as to maintain close coordination and cooperation in international affairs
Promoting the Construction of Human Fate Community
It is believed that the China-Russia comprehensive strategic partnership of cooperation will seize new opportunities at a new starting point , display new weather and achieve new results .
Xi pointed out that China and Russia should give full play to the overall coordinating role of the Prime Minister's regular meeting mechanism and strengthen their efforts in energy , equipment manufacturing and agriculture ,
Cooperation in space and other fields will continue to enhance the content of scientific and technological innovation in the bilateral cooperation , and will include large data , networking of objects , intelligent cities and other digital economic areas
As a new growth point of cooperation
We must do a good job of docking along the way with the Eurasian Economic Union , work hard to promote the landing of coastal international transport corridors and other projects , and jointly carry out cooperation in the development and utilization of Arctic waterways
Create the Ice Silk Road
We will promote local exchanges and cooperation between the two countries and further consolidate the public opinion base of bilateral relations .
Medvedev conveyed the cordial greetings and good wishes of Russian President Vladimir Putin to President Xi Jinping and the closing of the Nineteen Great Victory of the Communist Party of China
And Xi Jinping re-elected General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee to express warm congratulations .
More positive progress has been made in cooperation in the fields of economy , energy , investment , innovation , humanities and Eurasian Economic Union building and docking along the way .
Russia is very satisfied with this and is ready to further strengthen exchanges and cooperation with China in various fields and strengthen communication and coordination in international and regional affairs
Ding Xue Xiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting .
Subsequently , the Prime Ministers of the two countries watched the determinant .
After the welcoming ceremony , the two Prime Ministers co-chaired the 22nd regular meeting of the Prime Ministers of China and Russia .
Li Keqiang said that under the impetus of President Xi Jinping and President Putin , China-Russia relations continue to bear new fruit .
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , which has just concluded successfully
The election produced a new CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core , and established the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in Xi Jinping's new era
For our Party must adhere to the long-term guiding ideology , defined China's future development goals .
As the largest developing country , China's development is the basis and key to the solution of all problems .
Both China and Russia see each other's development as an important opportunity
The two countries' docking development strategy and deepening all-round cooperation face broader prospects and will also contribute more positive forces to the peace and development of the two countries , regions and even the world .
Li Keqiang and Medvedev listened to the relevant mechanisms of the two countries , Chinese President Zhang Gaoli , Wang Yang , Liu Yandong , as well as the Russian President's work report .
To create a better tomorrow for relations between the two countries
Medvedev congratulated the Communist Party of China on its successful convening of the 19th National Congress , expressing Russia's readiness to deepen cooperation with China in traditional fields such as energy , infrastructure , capacity and aerospace
We will explore new areas of cooperation in e-commerce , small and medium-sized enterprises , close cultural exchanges , and promote the continuous development of Russia-China comprehensive strategic cooperative partnership .
After the meeting , Li Keqiang and Medvedev signed the Joint Communiqu  of the 22nd Regular Meeting of the Prime Ministers of China and Russia , and jointly witnessed investment
The signing of nearly 20 bilateral cooperation documents in the fields of energy , local cooperation , humanities , agriculture , customs , quality inspection , aerospace , finance and other fields .
After the signing ceremony , the two prime ministers met with reporters and answered questions .
Li Keqiang introduced the results of the meeting and stressed that China is willing to continue to respect each other , equality and mutual benefit
On the basis of common development , we will promote China-Russia relations and cooperation in various fields and promote the establishment of a new type of international relations with win-win cooperation at the core
We need to build more cooperative growth points
We should not only focus on giving full play to the big and strong advantages of the big enterprises of the two countries , strengthen strategic cooperation in energy , aerospace , aviation and cross-border infrastructure , but also make good use of the advantages of small and medium-sized enterprises
Support them to open up new areas of cooperation and speed up innovation for practical cooperation between the two countries .
That afternoon , Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly attended the China-Russia media exchange year closing ceremony and delivered a speech .
The positive results and social repercussions of the media exchange year are highly appraised .
In his speech , Li Keqiang said that two years ago , the heads of state of China and Russia jointly decided and announced the launch of the China-Russia media exchange year .
It shows that as a comprehensive strategic cooperative partner , China and Russia have a high degree of political mutual trust , cultural communication and an objective and friendly attitude towards each other .
Building important bridges and ties , Li Keqiang pointed out that both China and Russia are countries with a long cultural tradition and deep cultural heritage .
The media of the two countries also have their own characteristics .
Through the holding of the media exchange year , the two sides have enhanced understanding , deepened friendship and promoted mutual learning among the media
To become a feature in the history of international media communication
Today's closing ceremony is not the end , but a new starting point . I believe it will open a new chapter in China-Russia media cooperation and raise a new sail for cultural exchanges .
Promoting China-Russia relations on a new journey of consolidating generations of friendship
To give new connotation to the relations between the two countries and bring new opportunities , fully reflect the degree of friendship between the two peoples and the strategic significance of bilateral relations .
The 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held its third plenary session in the afternoon at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing .
Chairman Zhang Dejiang attended the meeting
A report was also made on the implementation of the law on the prevention and control of environmental pollution by solid waste .
In May this year , the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress launched a law enforcement inspection on the prevention and control of environmental pollution by solid waste .
Zhang Dejiang , on behalf of the Law Enforcement Inspection Unit , reported the inspection .
He said that since the 18th National Congress of the Party , Comrade Xi Jinping as the core of the Party Central Committee
Serious implementation of the legal provisions , solid waste pollution prevention and control work has made great progress .
Zhang Dejiang pointed out that from the situation of law enforcement inspection , the current implementation of solid waste law and the prevention and control of solid waste pollution still face some outstanding problems .
It must be highly valued .
We must earnestly implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party , implement the Law on Solid Waste in an all-round and correct way , and further promote the prevention and control of pollution by solid waste .
We will further promote the treatment of industrial solid waste , improve the mechanism for the supervision and control of solid waste , and strengthen the scientific and technological support for the prevention and control of pollution by solid waste .
Entrusted by the State Council , the Minister of Agriculture , Han Changfu , made a report on the work of grassland eco-environmental protection .
said Han Changfu
Continue to raise the level of grassland protection
The meeting heard and considered the report of Cao Jianming , the chief procurator of the Supreme People's Procuratorate , on the comprehensive deepening of the judicial reform of the People's Procuratorate .
After reporting progress , results and existing problems , Cao said the next step would be to deepen the comprehensive reform of the judicial system
We will implement the judicial responsibility system in an all-round way , strengthen policy interpretation and reform publicity , deepen research and argumentation , and promote the development of judicial reform in depth .
Vice-Chairman Chen Zhu chaired the meeting .
We will conduct in-depth exchanges of experience in the administration of state affairs and legislative supervision , and ensure the smooth development of cooperation in areas such as the construction of the region and the docking of the Eurasian Economic Union from the legislative level
We will strengthen local cooperation and people-to-people exchanges , inject new vitality into China-Russia relations and add new kinetic energy .
Medvedev said he congratulated the Communist Party of China on the closing of the 19 victory .
Russia-China relations are progressing smoothly with fruitful cooperation .
Russia is ready to work with China to push bilateral relations to a higher level .
Wang Chen attended the meeting .
On the afternoon of the 31st , Medvedev laid a wreath at the Monument to the People's Heroes .
It was agreed that he fully supported the report made by Comrade Xi Jinping on behalf of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) .
We firmly believe that the new leadership group of the CPC Central Committee will be able to honor its mission , carry heavy burdens and lead the ship carrying the great dream of the Chinese people to a more glorious future . The participants agreed that the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China was a crucial period in building a well-off society in an all-round way , and socialism with Chinese characteristics entered a new era . A very important congress was held .
The report made by General Secretary Xi Jinping puts forward a series of new important ideas , important points of view , major judgments and major measures , which is a programmatic document shining with the brilliance of Marxism .
The participants unanimously expressed that it is the primary political task of the CPPCC at present and in the coming period to study and carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in an all-round and in-depth manner .
First , we must deeply understand the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping and constantly consolidate the common ideological and political basis for unity and struggle .
Solidarity leads the CPPCC members to firmly implement the Party's basic theory , basic line and basic strategy .
Third , we should focus on the tasks of the Party and the National Center to fulfill their duties and contribute to building a well-off society in an all-round way and building a modern socialist country .
Fourth , the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) should give full play to its role as an important channel for consultation democracy and as a special consultative body , and carry out the consultation democracy to the whole process and all aspects of its work .
Fifth , we should give better play to the role of the CPPCC as a united front organization and mobilize all the Chinese people to share the Chinese dream .
Sixth , we should strengthen the self-construction of the CPPCC , improve the system and improve the effectiveness of the performance .
The meeting adopted the Resolution on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
" and " Decision on Partial Amendments to the Constitution of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference "
The meeting called for a good summary of the work of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) and the preparations for the 13th Session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , guided by the spirit of the 19th CPC .
Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli of the State Council , Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , Vice Premier Wang Yang of the State Council and Vice Premier Liu Yantong of the State Council received the Medal of Friendship from Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev on behalf of the Russian Government at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing .
Persons who have made outstanding contributions to the promotion of world peace and the development of friendly relations between countries
The Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee and Vice Premier Wang Yang I met with Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Marapana in Ziguang Court , Zhongnanhai in the afternoon .
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Sri Lanka and the 65th anniversary of the signing of the Miao Agreement .
China will earnestly implement the concept of pro-sincerity and benevolence as defined by the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the foreign policy of being friendly with its neighbors , and strengthen solidarity and cooperation with Sri Lanka and other developing countries .
Marapana congratulated the Communist Party on its 19 th victory .
He said Sri Lanka sees China as a close friend and development partner .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
He said that in the light of the important meetings of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the deployment of major work , the organization of preaching activities , was welcomed by the broad masses of cadres .
General Secretary Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the work of promoting the spirit of the Party Central Committee and put forward clear requirements . We should earnestly do a good job in this concentrated presentation .
It is better to unify the thoughts and actions of the broad masses of cadres into the spirit of the 19th Congress of the Party .
Wang Huning said that he should firmly grasp the need to learn how to work hard , and carefully do a good job of the Party's Nineteen Great Spiritual Concentration Propaganda
We will promote learning , publicity and implementation , go deeper into reality , guide the whole Party to consciously safeguard the core of the Party Central Committee of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the core status of the Party as a whole , and safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership .
Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , the cause of all-round innovation in the cause of the Party and the state lies in the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core
According to its orientation , operational planning lies in the scientific guidance of the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping , which should be closely centered around the main line of the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping .
To make clear the bright theme of the 19th National Congress of the Party , to make clear the rich connotation of the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping , and to make clear the historic changes that have taken place in the cause of the Party and the state since the 18th National Congress of the Party .
Explain the great significance of the entry of socialism with Chinese characteristics into the new era , make clear the far-reaching impact of the major contradictions and changes in our society , and make clear the goals of the two 100 - year struggle .
Speak clearly and unswervingly about the major deployment of the Party in an all-round and strict manner , and unify the thoughts and actions of the broad masses of cadres and the masses into the spirit of the 19th Congress of the Party .
Push the 19 spirit of the Party into the grass-roots and into the masses .
Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Minister of the Central Propaganda Department Huang Qiming chaired the meeting .
This Taiwan news , in order to promote the rise of learning , publicity and implementation of the 19 spiritual upsurge of the Party , the Central Committee decided to be composed of the Central Propaganda Department in conjunction with the relevant departments of the Central Committee
Members are members of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , Deputy Secretary of the Central Discipline Committee Yang Xiaodu , member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Committee Chen Miner .
Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee , Minister of the Central Propaganda Department , Huang Qiming , and other thirty-six comrades .
From No . 1 , the members of the Central Propaganda Group prepare for the class .
From No . 5 to all parts of the country
One-point deployment , nine-point implementation .
When the representatives of the 19th Congress returned to the grass-roots level , the first priority was to report the spirit of the 19th Congress of the Party
First-time communication in place
In the light of the intelligent public security construction being carried out in Shanghai , we should apply these new technologies , such as large data , cloud computing , and so on , to our work .
And far away in Shanxi Danning County's 19 representatives , village doctor He Xinglong , returned to his hometown , in the medical practice on the road to send the 19 spirit to the villagers side .
I
The report points out that the implementation of the health China strategy , the strengthening of the grass-roots medical and health service system and the construction of a team of doctors in general , you can see that in our village in the future
To the common people , the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China to convey their concern to the people , we all feel
The days will get better and better under the leadership of our Party .
The People's Daily , which will be published tomorrow , will publish commentators' articles to launch a new journey to build a socialist modern country in an all-round way , and five to study and carry out the Party's
The Ministry of China and the People's Republic of China held a special briefing today for ambassadors from more than 150 countries , as well as representatives from international organizations and foreign enterprises
Interpretation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China .
Chinese envoys attending the briefing said the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is of great significance
The congress put forward the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping and put forward a series of major strategic measures in line with the reality of China , which not only pointed out the direction for China's development
It will also have a far-reaching impact on world peace , prosperity and development
Wulong District , Xiushan Tujia Miao Autonomous County , Southern Sichuan Province , Guang'an District , Chishui City , Guizhou Province , Chengguan District of the Tibet Autonomous Region , Yadong County , Qaru District , Ba Yi District , is the Eastern District
And Henan Lanco County , the country has 28 poverty-stricken counties take off their hats .
The exit of poverty-stricken county needs to pass the special examination of initial examination , review and evaluation .
Public notice without objection can exit , exit standard is also very strict .
If the incidence of poverty is less than 2 % and 3 % , the rate of error , the rate of omission is less than 2 % , and the approval of the masses is higher than 90 % , but these four indicators are all single negative indicators .
After the poverty-stricken county does not take off the policy , does not take off the help , does not take off the measure .
Today , the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security announced that 1,09.7 million new jobs were created in cities and towns across the country in the first three quarters , an increase of 300,000 year-on-year .
In October , China's manufacturing purchasing managers' index stood at 51.6 percent , at a high level of more than 51 percent for 13 consecutive months .
High-energy and high-pollution industries have declined by more than two percentage points , while high-tech industries , equipment manufacturing and consumer goods industries have maintained steady and rapid development .
The CIRC said that with effect from November 1 , the " Interim Measures on the Retrospective Management of Insurance Sales Activities " had been formally implemented , making it clear that all kinds of risks should be implemented in the telephone sales business , and the whole process of recording should be recorded .
Set up the provincial lawyer profession Party committee .
Recently , China Central Television and FIFA jointly announced that China Central Television has won various FIFA events from 2008 to 2012
Exclusive all-media copyright in mainland China .
The contract includes events such as the World Cup in Russia in 2018 and the World Cup in Qatar in 2022 .
At about 3 p . m . that day , a man drove a pickup truck into a number of people on the road near New York's landmark New World Trade Center .
This is a terrorist attack .
According to media reports , the man claimed to launch an attack in the name of extremist groups .
This is a fast road on the west side of Manhattan .
-------------------------------------------------------
It's still blocked by the police . We can't get into that area .
After the attack , the New York police have invested more police and resources
To ensure public safety .
U . S . President Trump says the review of immigration has been further strengthened .
Next , take a look at the international newsletter .
On November 1 , Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Iran , during which he will focus on consultations with Iranian leaders on the Syrian crisis and energy cooperation between the two countries .
Both Russia and Iran support the Syrian Bashar government .
Recently , Iran and the United States face each other on the Iranian nuclear issue .
The outside world is also very concerned about Russia's attitude on this issue .
Abe then formed a new cabinet , the original cabinet staff all remain in office .
The ruling coalition of the LDP and the Communists won more than two-thirds of the seats in the House election on October 22nd .
The Central Military Commission held a ceremony to promote the rank of general , Xi Jinping to the promotion of the rank of general Zhang Shengmin issued an order and expressed congratulations .
At the invitation of President Xi Jinping , President Trump of the United States will pay a state visit to our country .
The CPC Central Committee made a decision to earnestly study and publicize and carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party .
General Secretary Xi Jinping leads the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee
Looking at the site of a great meeting of the Communist Party of China and the Red Boat of the South Lake , we declare the firm political conviction of the new Central Leadership Group , which greatly brings together Party members and cadres who do not forget their first thoughts and bear in mind their mission
The 30th session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group meeting to consider and specifically inquire about the implementation of the law on the prevention and control of environmental pollution by solid waste .
For the first time in the United Nations General Assembly security resolution .
Next , please watch the details .
The ceremony for the promotion of the general rank of the Central Military Commission was held on November 2 at the 81st Building in Beijing .
At 4.30 pm , the ceremony began with a solemn national song .
Xu Qiliang , Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission , read out the signature of Xi Jinping , Chairman of the Central Military Commission
Group photo
Member of the Central Military Commission , Wei Fenghe , Li Xianhua , Miao Hua , as well as the heads of various departments of the Military Commission organs and units in Beijing at or above the sub-theatre level , and so on
At the invitation of President Xi Jinping , President Donald Trump of the United States of America will pay a state visit to China from November 8 to 10 .
At that time , the leaders of the two countries will exchange in-depth views on China-US relations and major international and regional issues of common concern .
Injecting New Strong Motivation
The overall work of the Party and the state has a bearing on the long-term development of the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics and on the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people
Strong road self-confidence , theoretical self-confidence , institutional self-confidence , cultural self-confidence , in order to realize the modernization drive , complete the reunification of the motherland and safeguard world peace
To build a well-off society in an all-round way and win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era
It is of great realistic and far-reaching historical significance to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and to realize the people's longing for a better life .
The Decision points out that it is necessary to fully and accurately learn to understand the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party , deeply understand the theme of the 19th National Congress of the Party , and deeply understand the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping
Achieving the first centennial goal and advancing towards the second centennial goal , and deeply understanding the socialist economic and political construction
The major deployment of diplomatic work deeply understands the major deployment of unswervingly and strictly governing the Party in an all-round way .
" Decisions " pointed out that we should conscientiously do a good job of the Party's 19 spirit of learning propaganda
We should do a good job in learning and training , concentrate on preaching activities , carefully organize news and publicity , and carefully organize research and interpretation .
It is necessary to carry forward the academic style of linking theory with practice
We will improve our ability to solve problems and promote development .
To effectively strengthen organizational leadership , Party committees ( Party groups ) at all levels should earnestly assume leadership responsibilities
Firmly grasp the correct guidance , efforts to enhance the appeal of the appeal .
Departments in all regions should promptly study and publicize the implementation of the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Party
Report Party Central Committee
As long as the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups unite together and work hard , the great ship of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation will surely be able to ride the wind and waves and sail to the glorious shore .
The words of the general secretary were greatly condensed
The people of the whole country do not forget the first heart , remember the mission , committed to the confidence and strength of the struggle .
From the vicissitudes of Shikumen architecture to a red boat in the South Lake of Jiaxing , the Communist Party of China was born here
The 19 th National Congress of the Party drew a grand blueprint for the development of the cause of the Party and the state and opened a brand-new era .
On October 31 , General Secretary Xi Jinping led the Standing Committee of the Politburo to visit a large meeting site
The new leadership group has returned to the birthplace of the Party and opened up a great cause for the earth-shaking national rejuvenation of our new era .
The building of a beautiful China's confidence , to build a beautiful China to make our due contribution , these two days , the Shanghai Communist Party of China a major site of the memorial hall
ushered in a large number of visitors , everyone expressed the importance of following the steps of the new Party Central Committee leadership collective , learning the history of the Party , revisiting the pledge to join the Party .
Since we have been here before , and have sworn here , and have been particularly heartened by the arrival of the President of this habit , as if it were very encouraging , the two of us agreed that we must go again today , and revisit the process of our oath , so we are very excited to be here today after the arrival of the President of the United States of America and the United States of America and the United States of America , the United States of America , the United States of America , and the United States of America , the United States of America , and the United States of America , and the United States of the United States of America .
Although I was not in good health , he said I would drag you along too .
I'll come with him , we can say
From the beginning of entering the university into the Party , the belief is very firm , people always have to have such an idea in mind , is to strengthen such a belief , take root in the heart .
I think talent will be better in the future whether it is to go to work or how , in order to better serve the society for the country .
In front of a large party flag at a large conference site , General Secretary Xi Jinping led other Standing Committee comrades to collectively review the pledge to join the Party .
The general secretary said : It is not difficult to remember the oath to join the Party . It is difficult to stick to it for life .
This sentence , let at that time present Zhang dawn deep feeling .
It is very simple to join the Party once , but it is very difficult for you to do it all your life , and it is necessary to make great sacrifices . So I think the Party Central Committee , with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core , has set an example for us and set an example for us
Affirmation to join the Party is a mirror , only often compared , in order to cultivate the Party's character , always with practical action to interpret the faith in the heart .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Draw on the strength of Endeavour , bear in mind the Communists' initial heart and mission , unite as one , work hard and truly understand the Nineteen Great Spiritual Learning
Just in front of us feel more hopeful , that motivation is more sufficient , our next job is to continue to learn , continue to understand .
Understand and practice at the same time .
To enter a new era , carry out new ideas and embark on a new journey , we will firmly support it .
The Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core
We believe
On the afternoon of the 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress , a joint group meeting was held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing to consider the Law Enforcement Inspection Unit of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress
Zhang Dejiang said that in his 19th report , General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that the construction of ecological civilization is a millennium plan for the sustainable development of the Chinese nation
It is emphasized that solid waste and garbage disposal should be strengthened .
We should establish and practice the Green Water Castle Peak is the concept of Jinshan Silver Mountain
We will implement the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste in an all-round way , focus on solving outstanding environmental problems , and resolutely win the battle for pollution prevention and control
We will accelerate green development and promote the formation of a new pattern of modernization for the harmonious development of man and nature , so as to better meet the growing needs of the people for a beautiful ecological environment .
To promote the overall improvement of the ecological environment , we must take the prevention and control of solid waste pollution as a powerful tool for achieving green development , and promote the formation of a spatial pattern , industrial structure , mode of production and way of life for the conservation of resources and the protection of the environment
In the special questions , members of the relevant special committees of the National People's Congress and members of the Standing Committee respectively on the measures to be taken by the State Council to prevent and control solid waste pollution in accordance with the law
Contain the increment , reduce the stock , effectively fight the pollution prevention and control hard battle ;
What measures will be taken to strengthen the disposal and supervision of hazardous waste
How to improve the comprehensive utilization level of industrial solid waste resources ;
How to co-ordinate the disposal of domestic refuse in urban and rural areas , promote the transformation of construction waste into a treasure , and strengthen publicity and education
Promoting the landing of the garbage classification system ;
What measures will be taken to further improve the harmless treatment and resource utilization of agricultural waste
How to promote the solution of solid waste pollution caused by excessive packaging , implement the responsibility of producer recovery and disposal , and solve the problem of environmental pollution caused by illegal dismantling and disposal of waste electronic products
How to improve the garbage charging system , take effective measures to strengthen the supervision of clinical waste treatment and so on to ask questions .
State Councilor Wang Yong and the person in charge of relevant departments came to the meeting for inquiry .
Wang Yong said that the State Council and relevant departments will continue to study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC )
We will resolutely fight for the prevention and control of pollution .
We will unswervingly promote the prevention and control of pollution by solid waste according to law and earnestly accept the supervision of the NPC
Practical solutions to outstanding environmental problems
The 8th Plenary Meeting of the Construction Committee of the South-to-North Water Transfer Project of the State Council was held in Beijing . Zhang Gaoli , Vice Premier of the State Council and Director of the Construction Committee of the South-to-North Water Transfer Project of the State Council
We will further unify our ideological and cognitive actions into the major decision-making arrangements of the Central Committee of the Party with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core . We will be brave enough to take responsibility and work hard
After fully affirming the achievements of the South-to-North Water Transfer Project , Zhang Gao Li stressed that we should continue to do a good job in the South-to-North Water Transfer Project .
The safety management should be strengthened to ensure the smooth operation of the project .
We should strengthen monitoring and protection to ensure that the water quality is stable and up to standard . We should do a good job in helping immigrants
To promote the synchronization of immigrants and local people to achieve a well-off .
To optimize inter-provincial water allocation and scheduling , service Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development , Yangtze River economic belt development and other major strategies
We will ensure the water demand for the construction and development of Xiong'an New Area .
It is necessary to establish a good water-saving , water-transfer and water-use mechanism , and promote the project to give full play to the benefits .
We should study and demonstrate in depth and advance the preparation of follow-up projects in an orderly way .
Wang Yang pointed out that the South-to-North Water Transfer Project completed operation and achieved great results , once again verified our country's political and institutional advantages .
We should conscientiously sum up the good experience and good practices accumulated in the construction and operation of projects and accelerate the establishment of management systems and operational mechanisms that meet the requirements of the new era
Make the South-to-North water diversion project into clear water corridor , green corridor , let the project long-term benefit the people , benefit the society .
We need to increase assistance to immigrants in the reservoir area
Make sure that they do not fall behind in building a well-off society in an all-round way .
The 19th Representative of the Army , Wei Wei Wei , Head of a Special War Brigade of the 76th Army , went deep into the training camp , from reviewing the achievements of development to advancing the modernization of national defense and the armed forces
From the implementation of the idea of a strong army in the new era to the construction of a world-class army , for the officers and men carried out his first speech .
Speech by Chairman
The army is preparing for war
All work must stick to the standard of fighting
Focus on being able to fight and win the battle .
This time back I would like to transfer the chairman's instructions to the hearts of all officers and men .
Nineteen delegates , Wang Rui , head of amphibious assault vehicle , combined with the twelve new highlights explained in the report of the 19th National Army Brigade , Huangcai Ling Gongchen Company , in the Army's 74th Army Brigade
Especially attract everyone's attention .
As a grass-roots representative , I think we should use the soldier's language , the most straightforward words to understand
Help them to answer questions , let them contact the reality to understand , combine the battle position to carry out .
There were a lot of things you knew when you studied the 19th Report before
For the new era of their own job tasks have a clearer understanding and understanding .
The 19th National Congress on behalf of the Navy East China Sea Fleet a base camp commander Wen Guoliang told the new soldiers who had just joined the army about the new ideas in the report .
New mission , new goal
Communicate with new recruits to learn and grow up stories .
To learn to carry out the Nineteen Great Spirit is to strive for a new era of sailors who are brave enough to shoulder the heavy responsibilities of a strong army
To build a world-class army , dedicated youth , for the realization of the Chinese dream , strong army dream to contribute strength .
Nineteen delegates , Zhang Yanbing , Assistant Engineer of the Data Information Room of Jilin Province Military Region , faced with a number of questions raised by officers and men
We should not only learn the spirit of the 19th National Congress well , publicize it well , but also use action to drive it well , and let the grass-roots officers and soldiers shoulder the responsibilities and responsibilities of the young officers and men of the new era .
To help officers and men learn to understand the Nineteen Great Spirit
Nineteen delegates , Liu Rui , head of a regiment of Air Force Air Force in the southern theater , carefully collated the presentation materials .
In view of the different groups to carefully prepare a number of lectures outline , for officers and men to interpret the key words of the 19 major reports , a series of 19 major reports on the essence of the meaning
Continue to deepen learning and understanding .
In the report of the 19th National Congress , the President pointed out that the army was to prepare for war , and that all work was to be done
We must adhere to the standard of combat effectiveness and focus on the ability to fight and win the battle .
People should use their own practical actions to do a good example , let the officers and men in accordance with the Nineteen
The goals set by the powerful countries to strengthen the armed forces , constantly improve their abilities and win-win skills , and assume the mission of the new era entrusted to them by the Party and the people
The People's Daily , which will be published tomorrow , will publish commentators' articles on the topic of co-ordinating and promoting the overall layout of the new era
On Learning and Implementing the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Party
The Central Committee of the democratic parties , the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce and personages without party affiliation have earnestly studied and carried out the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Communist Party of China , according to a comprehensive report broadcast by the Xinhua News Agency today .
The first China International Import Expo will be held in Shanghai from November 5 to 10 .
This is our country to promote a new round of high-level opening to the outside world
A major decision made
At that time , there will be more than a hundred countries and regions of enterprises to participate in the exhibition .
Among them , Xinhua News Agency Newsletter , Chaoer to Tao Tou President Xi Jinping attended the Group of 20 leaders Hangzhou Summit series of activities on the record .
China Central Television won a special prize for four works , such as " Xi Jinping , during his visit to Qinghai , emphasizing respect for natural adaptation to nature and resolutely building a national eco-security barrier " .
Beijing-Shen high-speed railway is the official work of China's four-vertical and four-horizontal high-speed rail network .
After opening to traffic , Beijing to Shenyang operating time
will be shortened to about two and a half hours
In a letter of congratulation , President Erdogan , President of the Turkish Justice and Development Party , said that I would like to congratulate you sincerely on your re-election as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee .
We are committed to strengthening and enhancing cooperation in all fields within the framework of the comprehensive strategic partnership between Afghanistan and China so as to realize the common interests of the friendly peoples of the two countries .
In a letter of congratulation , President Gale , President of Djibouti's Alliance for the Advancement of the People , said that your re-election was amply demonstrated
You are supported and supported by the whole Party
I believe that under your wise leadership , China's development in all fields will continue to achieve new and greater achievements .
International influence is bound to be further enhanced
'I would like to extend my warm congratulations to you on your re-election as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and wish you greater success in your new term of office , ' President Temel of Brazil said in a congratulatory letter .
I will continue to push forward the Pakistan-China comprehensive strategic partnership .
In his letter of congratulation , Brunei Sultan Hassanar said that under your wise leadership , China's economic development has made remarkable achievements .
Continued improvement in people's living standards
I am confident that your country will continue to make progress on the road to the realization of the Chinese dream and to achieve the goal of sustainable development of the United Nations
Contribution
In his congratulatory letter , Afghan President Gani said that your re-election as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee fully reflects all the members of the Communist Party of China and the Chinese people
In his letter of congratulation , President Yaming of the Maldives said that the important decisions taken by the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China will be described by you
Continuous Development
A message of congratulation or a letter of congratulation was also sent
King Abdullah II of Jordan
Lebanese President Ohn
Albanian President Meta
Chairman of the Bureau of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Chairman of the Malaysian National Front Government Prime Minister Najib
Prime Minister O 'Neill , Party Leader of the National Congress of Papua New Guinea
Prime Minister of the Government of the Reform Party of the Vanuatu Unification Movement
Prime Minister Mitchell , Leader of the New National Party of Grenada
President of the Amal Movement in Lebanon , Speaker Berry , and so on
On October 30 , the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly , the First Committee on Disarmament and International Security , adopted two resolutions .
These two resolutions , respectively , are not the first to place weapons in outer space and further practical measures to prevent an arms race in outer space .
Promotion and strengthening of international cooperation in outer space for peaceful purposes
It reflects the broad recognition of the international community and the important contribution of China's programme to global governance .
Therefore , we welcome the idea of China .
The Chairman of the First Committee of the 72nd Session of the General Assembly , Arrome , also emphasized the idea of building a community of human destiny
Prospective
It is an effective way to solve the dilemma of global security governance and should be popularized in the multilateral field .
Please take a look at a set of international newsletters .
Russian President Vladimir Putin , who visited Iran , met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ruhani and Iran's top leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , respectively .
Putin said Russia opposes any unilateral action to change a comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue .
Some States do not recognize that the conduct of this multilateral agreement is unacceptable .
Uncertainty about the implementation of the Iranian nuclear agreement
In the global promotion of clean development , power grid interconnection and other 10 major actions to speed up the global energy interconnection .
The flagrant , massive , systematic violations and blockades have brought incalculable losses to Cuba
On the evening of the 1st local time , Beijing time this morning , a Wal-Mart supermarket in a suburb of Denver , Colorado
The shooting killed three people
After the incident , the police evacuated the crowd in the supermarket and stepped up the alert in the surrounding area .
Local police say a suspect is on the run and police have launched a search operation .
The nature of the incident and the motive of the gunman
Still under investigation
Today's news broadcast is over . Thank you for watching .
For more news information , you can also pay attention to CCTV news mobile network , download address can be searched
CCTV News Plus , Audience Friends Good-bye
Goodbye .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Good evening .
Today is Friday , November 3 , the 15th day of the lunar calendar . Welcome to the news program .
First of all , I would like to introduce you to the main content of today's program .
During his visit to the Joint Operations Command Center of the Military Commission , Xi stressed that the clear direction of preparing for war should be strengthened and the ability to win in the new era should be improved in an all-round way .
Xi will attend the 25th informal meeting of APEC leaders and pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos .
CPC Central Committee
And Xi Jinping General Secretary commissioned , the General Office of the CPC Central Committee , the Department of Foreign Liaison of the CPC Central Committee issued a public announcement .
Li Keqiang made important approval to the national winter and spring water conservancy infrastructure television conference call , Wang Yang attended the meeting and made a speech .
Li Keqiang meets with Bill Gates .
Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress
Apologize for the historical expulsion of China .
Next , please watch the details .
The General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee , the President of the State , the Chairman of the Central Military Commission and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission refer to the General Command Xi Jinping III inspection of the Joint Operations Command Center of the Military Commission , indicating that the new Military Commission implements the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
The bright attitude of promoting all the work of the army to focus on the ability to fight and win the battle
Xi stressed that to realize the Party's goal of strengthening the armed forces in the new era and to build the people's army into a world-class army in an all-round way , we must stop fighting and win the battle
The whole army must earnestly study and carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party , thoroughly study and carry out the thought of the strong army of the Party in the new era , and carry out the new situation
We will strengthen our military strategy , strengthen our mission , strengthen reform and innovation , strengthen the implementation of our work , improve our ability to prepare for war in the new era in an all-round way , and strive for the realization of the two 100 - year goals
The Chinese dream of realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation provides strategic support
At 9 : 30 a . m . , Xi Jinping came to the Central Building of the Military Commission .
Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to our army's preparations for war .
On the second day after the closing of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , Xi Jinping presided over the first standing meeting of the Military Commission , stressing that the Military Commission team should promote all aspects of the work of the armed forces
Xi Jinping pointed out that the army is to prepare for war , the military commission must understand the war , good strategy , will command .
At the beginning of its work , the Military Commission will set up its baton in preparation for war
Today , to the Military Commission points to the center , is to show a clear attitude , starting from me , starting from the Military Commission , to strengthen the direction of war .
We will improve our ability to win and prepare for war , lead our troops to fight and win wars , and take on the mission of the new era entrusted to us by the Party and the people .
Xi Jinping looked at the various parts one by one , inquired about the situation in detail , and in-depth exchanges with the duty personnel .
Last April , Xi Jinping made a special visit here .
Xi Jinping was very pleased to see a lot of new progress made by the Joint Military Commission in the past year or so . He encouraged us to continue our efforts and continue to improve
Joint Operations Command
At 10 : 00 , Xi Jinping took a seat at the general command table .
A first-line task force through a video call point
The temperature has dropped to minus twelve degrees Celsius this year , and it doesn't feel very cold .
At present , the needs of the winter and the implementation of various tasks can be met .
How is the day-to-day combat readiness training ?
How's the security work going ?
What are the practical difficulties ?
Xi Jinping asked very carefully .
Now this day-to-day combat team training , you can do it .
At the first level of the report , I will maintain normal combat readiness , turn on the air-to-sea alert radar 24 hours , closely monitor the sea-to-air situation of the day , and formulate a plan of action to improve the response .
Regular organization , counterattack will patrol police verification and other training exercises .
Xi Jinping told everyone to stay on high alert and be ready to deal with emergencies at any time .
Then , Xi Jinping looked at the security base in Djibouti through the video .
The base is our first overseas security base .
A red-orange yellow-green four-level warning and defense system has been established . Eight emergency teams are on standby at any time , and irregular combat teams are organized to pull the drill and do it resolutely
Subsequently , Xi Jinping listened to the army training work report , and made an important speech .
Xi Jinping fully confirmed the achievements of military training since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China .
He stressed that our country is at a critical stage of development from big to strong , with bright prospects and severe challenges .
The great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is by no means easy and can be achieved by beating gongs and drums .
Military struggle is an important aspect of great struggle , and the ability to win is the strategic ability to safeguard national security .
The whole army should strengthen its sense of distress , crisis and war consciousness , concentrate all its efforts on the war , and exert all its efforts towards the war .
Get ready for war as soon as possible
Efforts should be made to innovate war and combat planning , to keep pace with the evolution of war patterns and modes of operations , and to keep abreast of combat tasks and opponents
The Wind of the Research on the Combat Environment and Daxing's Combat Problem
Efforts should be made to strengthen the joint operational command system and capacity-building , emancipate the mind , innovate practice , increase the intensity of work , and build a strong and efficient
Efforts should be made to deepen the actual combat military training , adhere to how to fight the military training , what the war needs to practice hard .
Take the initiative and initiative of officers and men
Creativity has been fully stimulated , and a great upsurge of military training has arisen in the whole army
Xi stressed that leading cadres at all levels of the armed forces , especially senior cadres , should be leaders in preparing for war .
Must establish the correct career view , the power view , the status view , the tree prison to prepare for the war consciousness .
Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission , Zhang Jieyang , member of the Central Military Commission , Wei Feng and Li , Miao Hua and Zhang Shengmin took part in the activities .
Our News
Twenty-fifth Informal Meeting of Leaders
At the invitation of Ruan Fuzhong , General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam , Chen Daguang , Chairman of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam , General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and Chairman of the Lao People's Democratic Republic , Ben Yang .
General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos from November 12 to 14 .
Chinese and foreign media briefing held on the 3rd of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Relevant person-in-charge of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce introduced General Secretary Xi Jinping and the President of the State will soon go to Danang , Vietnam .
He also delivered keynote speeches , attended two-stage leaders' informal meetings and working luncheon , and attended APEC leaders' dialogue with ASEAN leaders
Attend a dialogue between APEC leaders and representatives of the APEC Business Advisory Council and meet with the leaders of the economies concerned .
The consensus of the meeting will be reflected in the leaders' declaration issued after the meeting .
The third is to jointly outline a new vision for future cooperation .
Fourth , we will jointly promote the smooth flow of trade , implement the results of the Beijing Conference , and make new progress in the construction of the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone .
China will continue to work with other parties to promote the stable development of Asia-Pacific economic cooperation and promote the development and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and the world .
The first visit by the Party and the country's top leaders will usher in a new era of peripheral diplomacy with Chinese characteristics .
During the visit
General Secretary Xi Jinping and President of the People's Republic of China will work with General Secretary Nguyen Fu Chung , Chairman Chen Daoguang , Prime Minister Nguyen Chun Fook and Chairman of Nguyen's Gold and Silver Congress
Hold talks and meetings respectively
In-depth exchange of views on deepening bilateral relations and practical cooperation in various fields as well as regional and international issues of common interest .
The leaders of the two parties will also jointly attend the foundation-laying ceremony of China's people's livelihood project to help build the old side .
The development of China-Vietnam and China-old relations , as well as China's mutually beneficial and win-win cooperation with Southeast Asian countries , have brought new opportunities and given new impetus
Our News
During the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) and after Comrade Xi Jinping was elected General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee , many national political parties and governments
International organizations , non-governmental organizations and their leaders , ambassadors to China , friendly people and overseas Chinese living abroad , compatriots in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan compatriots
Send a congratulatory message to the General Assembly , to the CPC Central Committee and to the newly elected leaders , expressing warm congratulations and good wishes
The General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the Foreign Liaison Department of the CPC Central Committee are entrusted by the CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping
I wish to express my heartfelt thanks
Strengthening the capital construction of irrigation and water conservancy is an urgent requirement and basic guarantee to deepen the structural reform of the agricultural supply side and realize the benefit of the strong peasants and the rich peasants .
Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , all regions and departments concerned have earnestly implemented the decision-making and deployment of the Central Committee of the Party and the State Council , and firmly promoted the capital construction of irrigation and water conservancy and achieved remarkable results .
In order to achieve successive years of agricultural harvest , farmers continue to increase income , rural economic and social healthy development has provided a strong foundation support .
Looking forward to in-depth study and implementation of the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Party , guided by Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era
We will accelerate the improvement of the network of water conservancy infrastructure and the system of water management , make efforts to make up the short board of water conservancy construction , and further improve the comprehensive agricultural production capacity .
The capacity for disaster prevention and mitigation and the ability to economize on the use of water resources make new contributions to promoting the development of modern agriculture and building a well-off society in an all-round way .
The Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier Wang Yang attended the meeting and delivered a speech .
He stressed that the national winter and spring water conservancy infrastructure television conference call is the party after the 19th National Congress
Deployment was made
Li Keqiang , Prime Minister of the State Council , met with the chairman of Tara Energy Company and the founder of Microsoft Company in Ziguang Court , Zhongnanhai in the morning
Gather the wisdom , gather the strength , promote the technology subversive development with international cooperation , and realize the sharing , better benefit the mankind .
'The new generation of nuclear energy is very important to the future development of energy technology for mankind , and we value our cooperation with Chinese companies , ' said Bill Gates
The 103rd Chairman's Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress was held in the afternoon at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , and Chairman Zhang Dejiang chaired the meeting .
The meeting heard a report by Qiao Xiaoyang , chairman of the Law Committee of the National People's Congress , on the revision of three draft laws , such as the Anti-Unfair Competition Law .
Report on the outcome of the consideration of draft amendments to the Criminal Law , and report on the outcome of the consideration of draft amendments to eleven laws , such as the Accounting Law .
Report on the Draft Decision on National Law
The meeting heard a report by Fu Ying , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the National People's Congress on the consideration of foreign-related treaties and the draft decision on behalf of the draft .
Report on the results of the deliberations of the four special committees , including the Foreign Affairs Committee , the Agriculture and Rural Committee
Reports on the consideration of the qualifications of representatives of individual representatives and reports on cases of appointment and removal , etc .
The Chairman's Committee determined that , in the light of the deliberations of the Standing Committee , the above-mentioned bills and draft proposals should be further considered and amended
Submit it to the 104th Chairman's Meeting to decide whether or not to submit it to the 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress for a vote .
A presentation was made
In his report , Wang systematically summarized the historic achievements and the historic changes that have taken place in the past five years .
This paper expounds the background , core meaning , innovative views and major contributions of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era , and expounds the socialism with Chinese characteristics
And with extraordinary courage and indomitable fighting spirit , to attack the difficult
The report uses vivid and vivid data , the case , the system is thorough , deep and simple , causes the strong echo in the scene audience .
Everyone said
In accordance with the requirements of the Central Committee , we must thoroughly study and carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party , and act politically and ideologically with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core of the Central Committee of the Party
We will maintain a high degree of unanimity and translate the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party and the tasks of various objectives into common understanding and firm action .
Today's report gives us the spiritual essence of the Nineteen Great Spirit , of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics
Deep connotation , including this process of formation , I feel there is a deeper understanding .
The report will be chaired by Li Zhiyong , Deputy Secretary of the Standing Committee of the Central Government
In Beijing , officials of the Party , government and military organs , heads of central enterprises , relevant heads of colleges and universities , teachers and students , theoretical workers and representatives of the masses from all walks of life , about 3,000 people attended the conference .
Do a good job of preaching , let the whole society form a consensus and form a better ideological foundation .
Today , Xinhua News Agency announced that the pursuit of personal ideals into the cause of the state and ethnic groups , the vast number of intellectuals and young student Party members set off to study and carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC )
Recently , the Ministry of Housing and Construction jointly deployed with the People's Bank of China and the CBRC to regulate the financing of house purchase and strengthen anti-money laundering in the real estate sector .
All localities are required to step up efforts to investigate and deal with the illegal provision of housing financing .
Intensify the verification of the source of initial payment funds and the authenticity of the borrower's income proof , and so on .
Today , the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the nation's first card in Beijing
Grass-roots mass self-government organization special legal person unified social credit code certificate .
With this code , the village committee and the neighborhood committee will be able to open a bank account
To independently carry out the civil activities necessary for the performance of their functions and expand the public service functions of urban and rural communities
At a rate of 6 , 000 cubic metres per hour , sea sand and deep-sea rocks can be crushed and sucked out and discharged into the sea up to 15 kilometers away .
More than 52 million farmers across the country have been selected at various levels in the final of the 2007 China Agricultural Machinists Competition , which was held today
The last ten players broke into the final .
At present , the agricultural mechanization rate of the main food crops in China has exceeded 80 % , and agricultural production has entered a new stage of mechanization .
Smuggling cocaine series , Sun and so-and-so gang involved in the smuggling of new psychoactive substances in the United States and a gang of Wang
Manufacturers , smuggling Alpha P . V . P . and other serious drug cases .
Today , Xie Zhenhua , Special Representative of China on Climate Change and Deputy Director of the National Committee on Population Resources and Environment of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC )
A total of 20 million Hong Kong dollars will be donated to the Tsinghua University Education Foundation for the Lu Zhihe Award and the Sustainable Development Award .
Establishment of the Global Climate Change and Green Development Fund .
Affected by the strong cold air , today , the temperature in many places in Shandong dropped significantly , in the morning Mount Tai snowfall .
Compared with the cooling in the north , the fog in some parts of the south was a big problem , and the fog in Chongqing this morning had a serious impact on traffic .
From No . 1 to No . 3 , Song Tao , Special Envoy of General Secretary of Xi Jinping and Minister of the Central Committee of the People's Republic of China , visited Vietnam and Laos to brief them on the 19 major situations of the Communist Party of China .
Song Tao met with Ruan Fuzhong , General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam and Ben Yang , General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Reform Party , respectively , and conveyed to them the message of General Secretary Xi Jinping
Under the guidance of the 19th Spirit of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) and the people will promote the building of a new type of international relations
New and Greater Contribution to the Construction of the Human Fate Community
Both the leaders of the Vietnamese side and the old side pay great attention to and evaluate the great significance and achievements of the 19th Congress of the Communist Party of China .
China's Xinjiang Cultural Exchange Mission recently visited the United States and Canada to hold a series of symposiums with local academics , media professionals and overseas Chinese
To conduct in-depth exchanges on such topics as education , employment and human rights in Xinjiang .
Local people from all walks of life said that through in-depth communication with the delegation
Further understanding of China's ethnic and religious policies , as well as Xinjiang's economic and social development situation .
It is of positive significance to promote exchanges between China and the United States and Canada in various fields , and to enhance folk understanding , mutual trust and friendship
Next , please watch a set of international news .
The City Council of Vancouver , the largest city in British Columbia , Canada , agreed to apologise for the historic expulsion of China
The formal apology ceremony will be held in April 2018 .
The Chinese made great contributions to the economic and social development of Canada in the mid-19th century
Previously , the Canadian government and the British Columbia Council have apologized for discriminating against Chinese history .
Heavy air strikes were launched .
At the same time , the Syrian government forces are also in the border town of Abu Kamal , near the city of Dirzur
On the ground offensive , Abu Kamal is the last major stronghold of extremist groups in Syria
Early September this year
Syrian government forces invaded the city of Dirzur , lifting the three-year siege of the city by extremist groups .
On charges of sedition , treason and embezzlement , Justice Ramera II of the Spanish National Court announced that nine former independent officials of the Catalonia Autonomous Region would be held in temporary custody on charges of incitement to rebellion , treason and misappropriation of public funds .
Unilateral Declaration of Independence by the Canadian District Council on October 27
Spain's central government then announced a full takeover of local government power in the Canadian region .
UK inflation was 3 % in September , well above the 2 % target set by the central bank , according to the National Bureau of Statistics .
Markets previously had strong expectations of monetary policy adjustment in the UK .
Last August , the Bank of England decided to cut interest rates to an all-time low of 0.25 % after a referendum in Europe .
It would hurt the interests of the middle class and benefit big businesses and the rich , so the bill would be savagely attacked by Democrats at the discussion stage .
Today's news broadcast is over . Thank you for watching .
Get more news information you can also pay attention to CCTV news mobile network , download address can search CCTV news plus .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Good evening .
Today is Saturday , November 4 , September 16 of the lunar calendar . Welcome to the news program .
The main content of today's programme is
Xi Jinping signed the Order of the President of the People's Republic of China No . 77 , 78 , 79 , 80 , 81 and 82 .
The Nineteen Major Documents of the Party and the Text Version of Learning Counseling Books for Ethnic Minorities
According to this information , the President of the People's Republic of China , Xi Jinping , signed No . 77 , No . 78 , No . 79 , No . 80 and No . 81
and President's Order No . 82
President Decree No . 77 states that the Law of the People's Republic of China on Anti-Unfair Competition has been adopted by the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China
The 30th meeting was amended and adopted on 4 November 2017 . The revised Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China is hereby promulgated
It shall come into force as of January 1 , 2018 .
Adopted on November 4 , 2017 , is hereby promulgated , and shall come into force as of January 1 , 2018 .
Decree No . 80 states that the Amendment to the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China ( 10 ) has been held at the 30th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China
Adopted on November 4 , 2017 , is hereby promulgated , and shall come into force as of the date of promulgation .
It will come into force on November 5 , 2017 .
Comrade Xi Jinping , in his report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18 , 2017 , decided to build a well-off society in an all-round way
The seven minority languages of Mongolia , Tibet , Uygur , Kazakh , Korea , Yi and Zhuang have been translated by the Chinese National Language Translation Bureau
The minority language version will also be published in the near future
It has reached 37.07 million copies .
In the most prominent position of the Beijing Book Building , 19 major documents and tutoring books have been set up , focusing on the display of a single copy of the Party's 19 major reports
The Constitution of the Communist Party of China , the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , and the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China Amendment Study Questions and Answers , and other 19 major documents and study guidance books .
We
The counter was set up for a week , and all our current documents and related tutoring sales have exceeded 150 , 000 copies .
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is an important meeting in the history of our Party . The report of General Secretary Xi Jinping is very impressive . It brings a lot of good news to the Chinese people .
To further understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's plan for the grand blueprint for the future of our country
At present , all over the country Xinhua Bookstore and the major book cities have set up 19 major documents and study tutoring books special shelves .
It is convenient for readers to learn to buy , to lead the broad masses of Party members and cadres to understand the new ideas of the new era in more detail , and to form a good atmosphere in the whole society to learn the spirit of the 19 .
Nineteen big reports , we common people
Write in our Party Constitution , this is our party our country a big thing , we believe that our life will be better and better .
In addition , in order to help the broad masses of farmers learn to understand the Party's 19 spirit
The press and publication department also distributed 19 major documents and learning guidance books to the farmhouse , relying on the platform of the farmhouse
I feel that there is indeed a good prospect for the life of our peasants .
On the mobile Internet , the People's Publishing House puts the e-books of the relevant books
Upload to the party member small schoolbag client , with the paper book synchronization online , convenient and fast mobile phone client .
Let the grass-roots Party organizations and the broad masses can learn the spirit of the Party at any time and at any time .
It is very convenient to enable the broad masses of Party members and cadres throughout the country to read our most authoritative books , our reports and our tutoring materials at the first time .
On the afternoon of the 30th session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress , a closing session was held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , and Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the closing session .
By a vote , the Conference adopted the newly revised Anti-Unfair Competition Law , the newly revised Standardization Law and the Public Library Law
Amendments to the Criminal Law , Decisions on the Amendment of Eleven Laws , such as the Accounting Law
It was decided to remove Guo Yin-kun from the post of Minister of Public Security .
The decision to extend the authorization of the State Council to temporarily adjust the time limit for the implementation of the relevant laws in 33 trial counties , cities and districts , such as Daxing District , Beijing .
The meeting voted on the decision to ratify the Treaty between China and Armenia on Criminal Justice Assistance , and on the ratification of China and Ethiopia on civil affairs
Decisions of Treaties with Commercial Judicial Assistance
Report on the results of the deliberation of the motion submitted by the Presidium of the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress for deliberation
The meeting voted to adopt the report of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on the qualifications of individual deputies .
The meeting also voted on other cases of appointment and removal .
After completing various voting matters , Zhang Dejiang made a speech , summing up the work accomplished at the meeting of the Standing Committee .
Later , Zhang Dejiang made a request to the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress for in-depth study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party . He stressed that he should work hard in learning how to understand and do practical things .
Efforts should be made to create a new situation in the work of the NPC . First , we should deeply understand that centralized and unified leadership by the Central Committee of the Party is the highest principle of the Party's leadership
We must firmly adhere to the centralized and unified leadership of the Central Committee of the Party with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core . Second , we must thoroughly understand the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in Xi Jinping's new era
The 30th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress , which has just concluded , decided to appoint Zhao Kezhi as Minister of Public Security .
Relevant responsible comrades of the organs of the National People's Congress and the Ministry of Public Security took part in the oath .
Interpretation of the 19 spirit , Jiangxi Gao'an through the 19 spiritual knowledge contest , let the masses intuitively understand the essence of the spirit .
Fujian Province set up 19 spirit to preach light cavalry , deep into the field , seaside fishing villages , in the local language , Putonghua to preach 19 spirit .
If there is any way we can really get him out of poverty , the General Secretary of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China has also put forward six accurate , unable to get out of poverty , our government can wait for the bottom .
In the village of Hebei , Little Mazar preached the team
More than 36,000 Party cadres , through the form of large visits , brought the 19 spirit into the countryside , communities , enterprises and schools .
Yulin in Guangxi starts ten thousand cadres to enter ten thousand activities
The local women's federations invited Party school teachers to tell them what the villagers had paid special attention to in the 19th National Congress report .
The main task and responsibility of the enterprise ;
In the Northwest Non-ferrous Metal Research Institute , experts combined with practice , focus on how to build a modern economic system ;
At the construction site of the environmental protection power plant in Chengdu , Sichuan , experts from the Chengdu Polytechnic University's School of Environment delivered a lecture to the workers
Is the report to promote green development , the construction of beautiful China's content .
Now , after all , the days of blue sky and white clouds are more than they have been in the past few years , so in the 19th Report , we have come up with it
To win the battle against the blue sky , Chengdu has built three environmentally friendly power generation projects to deal with 6,000 tons of garbage a day
Electricity generation can meet the electricity needs of nearly 750,000 households , saving 250,000 tons of coal a year .
All the reports made at the 19th Congress of the General Secretary went to the heart of the common people
Speaking to the General Secretary , I looked carefully and thought that the word " people " was 203 times and talked about cultural development
The exhibition is 72 times , the implementation of the Chinese dream , the implementation of the socialist cultural quality of the overall development of a comprehensive deployment and promotion .
Just back from Shandong performance , 19 delegates , head of Tianjin Youth Beijing Opera Troupe Meng Guangluo
Organize the whole group to preach the Nineteen Great Spirit
Taking root in the people and serving the people , we should come out with good works , from the thought to the soul and the central government , and eulogize our socialism
Cultural self-confidence is right , not just for our cultural people , for the entire Chinese people this kind of cultural self-confidence , how important .
The Party's 19th Congress Report points out
We will promote the creative transformation and innovative development of excellent traditional culture , inherit revolutionary culture and develop advanced socialist culture . We will not forget the original , absorb the outside world and face the future
Better build the Chinese spirit , Chinese value , Chinese strength , to provide spiritual guidance for the people .
Nineteen delegates , Zhang Jian , chief actor of the Central Ballet , finished the second day of the conference
On the way to the grass-roots performance .
This performance is the national ballet " Red Detachment of Women " , more than 50 years ago , the " Red Detachment of Women " has performed more than 4,000 performances , loved by the audience .
We work hard , too
In the next five years , there should be a new era of humanistic spirit , such as creation , the work of our nation , and special socialism
Then we should put such an era , it should be fully displayed , because it should be reflected in our works .
The People's Daily , which will be published tomorrow , will publish commentators' articles in an effort to make new and greater contributions to mankind , and eight on learning to carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China .
The article points out that the Nineteen National Congress of the Party not only leads a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics with new ideas , but also aims to solve human problems
As their mission , let the dreams of the Chinese people coincide with the dreams of the people of other countries , and constantly create a new situation in the diplomacy of the great powers with Chinese characteristics
It has reached 450,000
China Central Television broadcast the precise anti-poverty advertisement of Ludian pepper , which strongly promoted the sale of pepper .
At present , the leading mountain town 750,000 acres of green pepper has become the local poverty-stricken main industry .
Guizhou kiwifruit is one of the first anti-poverty ads to be broadcast in Xiuwen County , Guizhou Province , as part of the CCTV National Brand Plan Advertising Precision Poverty Alleviation Project
The kiwi , which used to be unsold , has become a hot item this year and has been exported abroad .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen
Today is Friday , December 1 , the 14th day of the lunar calendar . Welcome to the news program
First of all , I would like to introduce you to the main content of today's program .
Xi attended the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world political party and delivered a keynote speech . Wang Huning attended the first plenary session of the dialogue .
Xi Jinping met respectively
Burma's state minister , Aung San Suu Kyi , and the chairman of the Cambodian People's Party , who came to attend the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties , met Hun Sen .
Li Keqiang meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th meeting of the Prime Ministers of the SCO member states .
The 12th National Congress of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy opened in Beijing and Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee .
Leaders of multi-country political parties visited the five-year large-scale achievement exhibition in Beijing , affirming the great changes in China and sharing China's development experience .
Difficult progress , peace talks between the two sides to open a close-range synchronous meeting
Ladies and gentlemen , today's news show will take about thirty-five minutes .
Next , please watch the details .
General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties at the Great Hall of the People on December 1
Keynote speech entitled " Work together to build a better world "
Xi stressed that political parties should conform to the development trend of the times and grasp the trend of human progress
Willing to work with all parties to promote the sincere desire to build a community of human destiny
The political party plays an important role in the political life of the country and is also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization .
At the end of the year , leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from around the world gathered in Beijing to discuss plans for cooperation .
Xi pointed out that the relevance of human life today is unprecedented , and the global problems facing mankind are unprecedented .
The future of the peoples of the world is more and more closely linked .
People all over the world should uphold the concept of the world , understand each other and seek common ground while reserving differences
Work together to build a community of human destiny
I put forward all the way around the initiative , is to carry out the concept of human destiny community .
Xi stressed that we should strive to build a world away from fear and universal security and adhere to a new security concept that is common , comprehensive , cooperative and sustainable .
We should strive to build a world far from closed , open and inclusive , adhere to the world is rich and colorful , civilization is a diverse concept .
Let all civilizations coexist in harmony .
We should strive to build a beautiful , clean and beautiful world , adhere to the concept of coexistence between man and nature , and work together to create a harmonious and livable
Human Home
We will establish a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences , mutual respect and mutual learning .
We will build a network of exchanges and cooperation among international political parties in various forms and at various levels , bringing together the powerful forces of building a community of human destiny .
We must do our own thing well , which in itself is a contribution to the building of a community of human destiny .
We will also create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development .
We do not import foreign models , we do not export Chinese models , and we do not require other countries to copy Chinese practices .
First
The Communist Party of China will , as always , contribute to world peace and tranquillity .
China will hold high the banner of peace , development , cooperation and win-win progress , unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and actively promote the building of global partnership .
Take the initiative to participate in the process of political settlement of difficult issues in international hot spots .
No matter how far China develops , it will never seek hegemony and never engage in expansion .
By the middle of this century , China will build a strong , prosperous , democratic , civilized , harmonious and beautiful socialist modern country .
This will benefit the Chinese people as well as the people of all countries in the world .
We urge all political parties in the world to join us in creating more opportunities for cooperation for the world and striving to promote common development and prosperity for all countries in the world .
The Communist Party of China has always emphasized building a world perspective , actively learning from the achievements of civilization created by people from all over the world , and applying them in the light of China's reality .
We will carry out dialogue and exchanges and cooperation and support the people of all countries to strengthen cultural exchanges and civil friendship .
The high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties will be institutionalized , making it widely representative and internationally influential
High-end Political Dialogue Platform
Ancient Chinese thinker Confucius
I said
Benefit three friends , friends straight , friends forgive , friends to hear more .
The Communist Party of China is willing to make friends all over the world .
For a long time , the Communist Party of China has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions of the world .
Sharing the Experience of Governing the Party
Enhancing each other's strategic
The high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world political parties will focus on the responsibility of building a community of human destiny and working together to build a better world political party . The leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from more than 122 countries attended the meeting with more than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives .
Burmese State Minister Aung San Suu Kyi , Deputy Secretary of the Presidium of the General Committee of the Russian Unified Russian Party , Genrezniak , Treasurer Anthony Parker of the United States Republican National Committee .
The Vice-President of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and the Deputy Prime Minister of the Government , DeMeik , addressed the plenary session respectively and spoke highly of Xi Jinping's efforts to build a community of human destiny
Mutual understanding , mutual support and coordination .
Positive progress has been made in practical cooperation in various fields and the bilateral relations have maintained a sound momentum of healthy and stable development .
Xi pointed out that the Chinese party and government will , as always , pursue the policy of friendship with Myanmar from a strategic and long-term perspective
View the relationship between the two countries
We are ready to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction of the development of China-Myanmar relations and implement the consensus reached between the two sides .
We will actively explore new growth points of cooperation , such as the construction of economic corridors between China and Myanmar , and promote the sound and rapid development of China-Myanmar relations
Xi said the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party held in October was of great strategic significance to China .
The congress summed up all the work since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China .
And will construct the human destiny community as the direction of China's diplomatic efforts in the new era .
Myanmar-China relations are of special importance to Myanmar and we have a long history of folk friendship .
There has also been close cooperation of mutual trust and mutual respect in recent years , and thanks to General Secretary Xi Jinping for his great attention to Myanmar-China relations , we have fully felt the sincere friendship of the Chinese Party and government .
Xi said Prime Minister Hun Sen was a good friend , old friend and true friend of the Chinese Party and people .
At present , China-Cambodia relations are in the best period in history
The mutual political trust between the two sides has been continuously strengthened , practical cooperation has continued to expand , and cultural exchanges have become increasingly close , bringing tangible benefits to the people of the two countries .
Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia . We hope that the two sides will take the opportunity to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries as an opportunity to promote the in-depth development of bilateral relations and make steady progress .
The Cambodian side has always given China firm support
China has always supported Cambodia to follow a path of development in line with its national conditions and the Cambodian government
China is ready to work with the Cambodian side to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and bring into play the political leading role of bipartisan exchanges in bilateral relations .
We will expand the breadth and depth of practical cooperation , strengthen cooperation in the field of defense and law enforcement security , promote cultural exchanges and work closely with both sides at the United Nations
Coordination and cooperation in multilateral mechanisms , such as East Asian cooperation and Lan-Mekong cooperation , work together to create an unbreakable China-Cambodia Fate Community .
It has made a major political judgment on the entry of socialism with Chinese characteristics into the new era , pointed out new changes in the principal contradiction of society , and made clear
Hun Sen expressed warm congratulations on Xi Jinping's re-election as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee with the support of the whole Party .
Commenting highly on China's holding of a high-level dialogue between the CPC and the world's political parties
He said that China is a close partner highly trusted and fully trusted by the Cambodian side , and the Cambodian side is satisfied with Cambodia-China relations .
Continuously improve their own governance ability and level
Ding Xue Xiang and Yang Jiechi attended the above-mentioned meeting .
The Prime Minister of the State Council , Li Keqiang , met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow's Kremlin on November 29th local time .
Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and good wishes to President Putin .
Li Keqiang said that shortly after the closing of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , President Xi Jinping and President Putin met successfully in Danang , Vietnam .
Li Keqiang pointed out that at present , economic cooperation between the two countries is taking a solid step , cooperation in traditional areas continues to advance , and cooperation in new areas has also made progress .
China is ready to strengthen the docking of the regional initiative with the Eurasian Economic Union .
Li Keqiang stressed that China is ready to strengthen communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs .
We will work closely within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation and other multilateral frameworks and work together to help regional cooperation achieve steady progress
To inject constructive force into the peaceful development of the world
Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the meeting of Prime Ministers of SCO member states .
he said
At present , Russia-China trade growth momentum is good , energy , transport infrastructure , agriculture , local and other areas of cooperation have been actively promoted .
The Eurasian Economic Union and regional initiatives are complementary .
Hope that the two sides docking good development strategy , better realize mutual benefit and win-win .
The two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is Russia's Sochi International Airport . At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council arrived here at noon on the 30th local time .
At the 16th meeting of the Prime Ministers of the SCO member states , senior officials of the Russian Government and Chinese Ambassador to Russia Li Hui met at the airport .
Li Keqiang said that the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation has been in existence for 16 years
It has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity .
I look forward to gathering with all parties in the Black Sea Pearl Sochi , after the first expansion of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , to jointly comb the results and explore the potential .
At the new starting point
On the afternoon of November 30 local time , Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council met with Prime Minister Rasuzada of Tajikistan , Prime Minister Abbas of Pakistan and Prime Minister Aripov of Uzbekistan at the Sochi hotel .
Rasuzada said China is welcome to continue to participate in important projects such as power development , natural gas pipelines and transportation facilities .
Tata is willing to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises .
During the meeting with Brazil , Li Keqiang said that China is ready to discuss the construction of a free trade zone with Pakistan with a high degree of political sincerity
We will promote the balanced development of bilateral trade and strengthen cooperation between enterprises of the two countries .
Thanks to Pakistan for providing security for Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan
China is ready to continue its security and defense cooperation with Pakistan and contribute to regional peace and stability .
Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan's participation as a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation for the first time and is ready to continue to work closely with Pakistan in multilateral institutions such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation
Communication and coordination in district affairs
Brazil said the current Pakistan-China economic corridor construction is progressing smoothly .
Pakistan will continue to press ahead with the construction of the corridor
During the meeting with Aripov , Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyev , who visited China in May this year .
Ukraine is ready to work with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities , hydropower and other fields so as to promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation .
Ukraine is ready to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the SCO framework .
The decision of the Provisional Regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation .
In accordance with the deployment of the State Council of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , the trial of levying value-added tax on business tax was launched in 2012 , and the first of May 2016 was fully pushed aside .
After the full push-off of the camp to increase the pilot
The original implementation of business tax in the service sector has been unified collection of value-added tax , in essence , the implementation of more than 60 years of business tax has been completely cancelled .
A message of congratulations on behalf of the CPC Central Committee
The congratulatory message pointed out that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , the Party and the state have made historic achievements and made historic changes .
The united front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions .
Over the past five years , the DPP has carried out its mission of helping the ruling party , serving the country and serving the people
Extensive and in-depth investigation , positive suggestions and suggestions
We will make new contributions to the implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education , the strategy of strengthening the country with talent , and the strategy of innovation-driven development .
We will accurately grasp the requirements of building a socialist participating political party with Chinese characteristics , earnestly perform the functions of participating in political affairs , exercising democratic supervision and participating in political consultation under the leadership of the Communist Party of China .
Promote self-construction to a new level
Zhang Baowen , Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and Chairman of the Central Committee of the Democratic League of China , delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the democratic parties and the National
The Executive Chairman of the Presidium of the General Assembly , Yan Yiqi , made a report on the work of the 13th Central Committee of the People's Republic of China .
Liu Yandong , Yu Quan , to Ba Ping Tou , Zhang Qingli
To consider and adopt the Constitution ( Amendment ) of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy , and elect the 14th Central Committee of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy .
The People's Daily , which will be published tomorrow , will publish a " unremitting efforts towards the goal of building a network power , and General Secretary Xi Jinping will lead the strategic review of promoting the network power " .
Five-year Large-scale Achievement Exhibition with Endeavour
We regard China as the future direction of the world , especially Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma . It is a philosophy and must adapt to the development of the country itself .
This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing
The 16th National Congress of the Peasants and Workers Democratic Party of China closed in Beijing on December 1st . The congress successfully completed its agenda and adopted it by a vote
Resolution of the 16th National Congress of the Migrant Workers Democratic Party of China , 16th National Congress of the Migrant Workers Democratic Party of China , Resolution on the Report of the 15th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China .
We will strengthen our own construction in an all-round way and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th National Congress of the Agriculture and Labour Party .
With a brand-new mental outlook and a high attitude of struggle
Write a brilliant chapter worthy of a new era
To consider and adopt the amendment to the Constitution of the Society of 93 and decide to submit it to the 11th National Congress of the Society of 93 for consideration .
More than 10,000 tourists have been assisted to return home safely
So far , Bali airport is still temporarily open .
As the wind changed , the ash from the volcano began to spread southward
Affecting Bali Airport and Airways
To ensure safety , airline crews heading to help stranded tourists return to China have an impact on volcanic ash
As the volcano continues to erupt and the local airport may be closed at any time , the airline reminds passengers to return home as soon as possible .
The volcano erupted violently in 1963
More than a thousand people died
We cannot predict whether the eruption will be larger than it was in 1963 .
But according to our assessment , the likelihood of a mass eruption remains high .
Since the evening of the 29th , there have been 57 Chinese and foreign airline flights to assist Chinese tourists from Bali to return home .
At last he came back , got off the plane , and was in a good mood in his own country
It is understood that among the foreign tourists stranded in Bali , China has the largest number of tourists , accounting for about a quarter .
At present , most Chinese tourists have returned to China .
Tonight , ten more planes will be on their way to assist stranded tourists to return home .
Please take a look at the newsletter below .
Today , PetroChina Xinjiang Oilfield Company officially announced the discovery of the world's largest conglomerate oil field in the central area of Mahu sag in Junggar Basin , with the discovery of more than 1.2 billion tons of tertiary petroleum geological reserves .
The discovery of 520 million tons of crude oil reserves
Talks were held with the Syrian government and opposition delegations respectively
And the end date of this round of peace talks will be postponed to December 15 .
This round of peace talks was convened by extremist groups in a new situation in which the main forces in Syria were wiped out .
The agricultural training institute in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar was attacked today after a number of assailants sneaked into the academy in disguise and exchanged fire with Pakistani security personnel who arrived .
Four attackers were killed . Nine students were killed , dozens were injured and the injured were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment .
The Pakistani Taliban have claimed responsibility for the attack .
More than 30 people have been injured by an earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale in south-eastern Iran today .
The epicenter of the earthquake is located in Coleman Province , the focal depth of about 10 kilometers , the earthquake also caused more than 30 houses damaged .
He hopes to significantly increase the share of non-energy revenues in the Russian economy in order to reduce the impact of oil market volatility on the Russian economy .
Since 2014 , the Russian economy has been under greater downward pressure as a result of western sanctions against Russia and sharp fluctuations in international oil prices .
Year 2015 and Year 2016
Rescue time has more than doubled in order to find the surviving crew .
Some experts point out that due to the disconnection time has exceeded the submarine oxygen theory reserve time
Coupled with the detection of an unexplained explosion in the waters near the disconnection , the crew's chances of survival were very low .
There was an explosion today at a chemical plant in Fuji , Jinggang Prefecture , Japan
One person has been killed and 11 injured , three of them seriously .
As a result of the explosion and subsequent fires , black smoke may contain harmful substances , the local government has issued asylum instructions to residents nearby .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Good evening .
Today is Saturday , December 2 , the 15th day of the lunar calendar . Welcome to the news program .
The main content of today's program is .
General Secretary Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world political party won a warm response .
Li Keqiang attended the 16th meeting of the Council of Heads of Government of SCO member states
Li Keqiang met with Prime Minister of Russia and Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan respectively
Prime Minister of Belarus , Prime Minister of Kazakhstan and Chief Executive Officer of Afghanistan
Part of Zhang Dejiang's collective meeting to attend the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties
Foreign representative Wang Yang met with Japanese and American guests respectively .
At the opening of the 15th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Wang Huning delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee .
Wang Huning met together to attend the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties
The former president's national security assistant , Flynn , admitted he had given false testimony to the FBI .
Next , take a look at the detailed report .
On December 1st , General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world political party
The future of the peoples of the world is more and more closely linked .
People all over the world should uphold the idea of the world and understand each other .
Representatives of foreign political parties present at the dialogue highly agree with Xi Jinping's idea of promoting the building of a community of human destiny and working together to build a better world .
Think
This shows the determination and commitment of the Communist Party of China to build a better world .
Strive to make this planet where we are born and grow into a harmonious family , and turn the aspirations of the peoples of the world for a better life into reality .
Facing the leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations in the world , Xi Jinping systematically expounded the profound connotation of the human destiny community .
Xi Jinping points out , the world pattern is changing , the development pattern is changing .
All political parties should conform to the development trend of the times and develop themselves with the development of the country , the nation and the human race
As always , contribute to the common development of the world and , as always , contribute to the exchange of world civilization .
Xi Jinping's speech clearly stated China's commitment to the construction of the human destiny community and demonstrated the Chinese Communist Party as the world's largest political party in the world's feelings and responsibilities .
In his speech , Li said that at the Astana summit in June this year , President Xi Jinping reached important consensus with all parties on consolidating unity and mutual trust , strengthening security cooperation , docking development strategy and deepening cultural exchanges .
After the summit , China took over the rotating presidency .
With the active support of all parties , we will promote the steady development of cooperation in all fields .
Li Keqiang put forward the following suggestions on building a regional national destiny community .
First , create a safe and stable regional environment .
Second , accelerate the development of strategic docking cooperation .
Development is an effective way to deal with regional conflicts and geopolitical instability .
Third , raise the level of trade liberalization and facilitation
We will steadily promote trade liberalization and facilitation and accelerate the signing of the SCO Trade Facilitation Agreement .
Fourth , the construction of a fast and convenient Unicom pattern .
Fifth , promote the in-depth development of production capacity and innovation cooperation .
Sixth , tie up the ties of human exchange and cooperation .
Li stressed that since this year , China's economy has shifted to a stage of high-quality development , which will bring new opportunities for cooperation between China and the SCO countries .
China will link its own development with regional national development and integrate its own security with regional national security .
On December 1 local time , Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council met with Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev and Kyrgyz Prime Minister Isaacov in Sochi respectively .
We will continue to play the role of the SCO as a platform to contribute wisdom and strength to the joint building of a regional destiny community and the promotion of open , inclusive development and lasting peace in the world .
During the meeting with Isaacov , Li said he hoped the two sides would continue to follow the principle of marketization and speed up cooperation on cross-border transport infrastructure construction .
During the meeting with Kobiyakov , Li Keqiang expressed the hope that the two sides would further strengthen the strategic docking of development , give full play to their complementary advantages and tap the potential of economic , trade and investment cooperation .
Mr Kobiyakov said the White side would participate in the International Import Expo to be held in China next year , and hoped that the year 2018 would be designated as the White-China Tourism Year , and expand tourism cooperation and youth exchanges .
During the meeting with Sagintaev , Li Keqiang expressed the hope that China and Kazakhstan will continue to work together .
Implementation of the consensus already reached
And strengthen the carding of relevant results and experience , promote pragmatic cooperation between the two sides , especially capacity cooperation to move forward at a greater pace .
Sagintaev said that Kazakhstan is ready to actively implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries and create favorable conditions for further cooperation in production capacity .
During the meeting with Abdullah , Li Keqiang said that China supports the efforts of the Afghan Government of National Unity to safeguard national security and stability .
We will work together to build a stable and secure regional environment and promote the achievement of long-term stability in the region at an early date
Abdullah
Li Keqiang visited the Winter Olympics venue in Sochi Olive Park with Medvedev that afternoon .
Li Keqiang said China is now fully preparing for the Beijing Olympic Winter Games in 2012 .
Prime Minister Li Keqiang left Sochi to return home and senior Russian government officials went to the airport to see them off .
On the morning of December 2 , Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council successfully attended the 6th meeting of leaders of China's Central and Eastern European countries held in Budapest , Hungary
After the 16th meeting , take a special plane back to Beijing .
Some foreign party leaders who also serve as parliamentary leaders
Zhang Dejiang said General Secretary Xi Jinping gave a comprehensive account of the Communist Party of China at the high-level dialogue meeting
The idea and proposition of promoting the construction of the human destiny community shows that the Communist Party of China has made new and greater contributions to mankind as its own mission .
Wang Yang , a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council , met with the head of the Japanese Communist Party in Ziguang Court , Zhongnanhai in the afternoon
In his recent meeting with Prime Minister Abe , President Xi Jinping pointed out that the key to improving China-Japan relations lies in mutual trust .
The two sides should implement the important consensus between the leaders of the two countries
We will continue to increase positive interaction and create an environment for practical cooperation
The Communist Party of China is willing to join the major political parties in Japan , including the Ming Party
We will enhance mutual understanding and trust and make active efforts to improve China-Japan relations and benefit the peoples of the two countries .
When meeting with the delegation of the National Committee on U . S . -China Relations , Wang Yang said that during President Trump's visit to China , the two heads of state reached a series of important consensus
The 15th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , No . 2 , opened in Beijing .
Wang Huning , member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , met with all the delegates .
We will coordinate and promote the four comprehensive strategic layout , build all the way around the service area , drive scientific and technological innovation and help win the battle against poverty
We will safeguard the rights and interests of overseas Chinese and make greater contributions to advancing the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the reunification of the motherland
Central Committee believes
The new central leading body of the CPC will surely hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unite closely around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core
We will strengthen the building of socialist participating political parties with Chinese characteristics in an all-round way , unite and lead our members to build a well-off society in an all-round way and embark on a new journey of building a socialist modern country in an all-round way
New Contribution
Lin Wenyi , vice-chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) and chairman of the Central Committee of the Taiwan Union , delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the central committees of
Yang Yanyin , director of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Hong Kong , Macao and Taiwan Overseas Chinese Committee , sent a congratulatory message on behalf of the central
Executive Chairman of the General Assembly Bureau , Wan Gang
Report on the Work on behalf of the 14th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
To consider and adopt the Amendment to the Constitution of the Communist Party of China , and elect the 15th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) .
Wang Huning II , member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , met collectively in Beijing with some foreign party leaders attending the high-level dialogue between the CPC and the world political parties .
Wang said General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue session and called on political parties around the world to work together to build a community of human destiny
And building a better world to play a leading role
For political parties to undertake this mission , it is essential to strengthen their own construction
Since the 18th National Congress of CPC
Strengthen the ruling ability in an all-round way and achieve remarkable results
We are ready to strengthen the exchange of experience with all political parties in this regard .
The foreign side spoke highly of General Secretary Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the dialogue meeting .
We highly agree with the great initiative put forward by General Secretary Xi Jinping that the world political parties work together to promote the building of a community of human destiny and the building of a better world .
This Taiwan news , today's People's Daily published a commentator's article , the topic is to jointly create a brighter future for mankind .
Deepening the reform of the state supervision system is a major political system reform that concerns the overall situation .
New major deployment was made in the report of the 19th National Congress of the Party
From the 19th National Congress to the completion of the establishment of the county district supervisory committee , Dandong will be able to take the first step in the reform of the national supervisory system .
The time of such urgent work , and the high standards of such work , can no longer sit in the office to command .
All must go to the front line to guide on the spot and solve the problem on the spot
With the county-level reform pilot implementation program template and flow chart
The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) has made clear arrangements for the reform of the state supervisory system , and the preparatory work of the local supervisory committees is also in full swing .
Up to now , the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Baotou Qingshan District , Kangping County , Shenyang City , Liaoning Province , Shenbei New Area , Liao Zhong District and other local supervisory committees have also been set up .
In Grandmother Keng Village , Shaoxing , Zhejiang , the speaker sat on a small bench and talked with the villagers about how to realize the strategy of rural rejuvenation .
What does this report have to do with our village coming to our house
I think it's a big deal . The first one in your family should be of high quality first .
Right , the income is higher and higher .
I tell you that as long as the rural revitalization strategy is implemented , there will be more and more new ways of new industries in the village .
The speaker made clear the spirit of the Nineteen , and the harvest of the common people was real .
That is to say , we have the spirit of the Nineteen Great
In recent years , with the rapid development and gradual popularization of the Internet and its related technology , China's Internet technology innovation vitality and application potential
Releasing unceasingly , the practice of social governance innovation continues to advance , the role of Internet-based innovation in social development
increasingly prominent
At the Maternal and Child Health Center in Longgang District , Shenzhen , dozens of expectant mothers who were pregnant for about 12 weeks were waiting for an important check-up early in the morning .
Up to now , the testing service has exceeded 2.4 million cases , of which more than 170,000 positive samples have been detected .
Explains that large data is the basis and source of our innovation , then in the future we hope to be able to effectively promote the integration of the intelligent life data information industry like this person .
Can let the new science and technology benefit mankind to achieve more people's livelihood universal benefit .
The country's first Internet court was listed in Hangzhou in August .
The original author of the TV series " Zhen Huan Zhuan " tells the net Yi Yun to read the platform , becomes its court hearing the first case .
The scene of the trial , the dock , the dock , and the clerk's desk all disappeared , replaced by a screen filled with the whole wall .
The judge clicks the mouse , can view the relevant evidence at any time , greatly improved the trial efficiency .
The establishment of Hangzhou Internet Court is the active application of the development trend of the Internet in judicial work
Major system innovation construction network powerful country needs the strong drive of innovation .
Now people are familiar with the sharing of bicycle , e-commerce , intelligent tourism and other products of service innovation
We are constantly enriching the aspirations and needs of the people for a better life
A series of leading technological innovations in cloud computing , large data , high-end chips and quantum communications
Internet innovation is , to a large extent , a combination of greater depth in all areas of our economy and in all areas of our society , promoting such innovation on a larger scale .
Yesterday , the cash loan standard reorganization plan released , will exist to the cash loan excessive borrowing , repeated credit , improper collection
High interest rates , invasion of personal privacy and other prominent issues vigorously rectify .
The new regulations make it clear that no organization or individual may engage in the lending business without obtaining the qualifications for operating the lending business in accordance with the law .
Provisions on interest rates for private loans .
All types of institutions or agencies entrusted to third parties shall not be subjected to violence , intimidation , insult , defamation , harassment or other means
Suspension of the new batch of small-sum loan companies across provinces , districts and cities to carry out small-sum loan business
Where the preparation has been approved , the opening of business shall be suspended
For approved bodies that do not comply with the relevant requirements
The scheme also regulates the off-balance-sheet financing of small loan companies and the participation of licensed financial institutions in cash loan behavior .
The Securities and Futures Commission recently announced that some listed companies use high delivery to co-operate with major shareholders to reduce their holdings , limit the sale of shares , and long-term no cash dividends , such as the iron rooster
Intensify supervision , once found violations of the law , serious handling in accordance with the law , will not be appeased .
Zhengzhou to Fuyang high-speed railway control project , Zhouhuai Bridge across the new canal continuous beam today , it uses segmental prefabricated glue assembly technology
A continuous beam of 412.5 metres in length and 12.9 metres in width with a total weight of 15,000 tons is divided into 96 sections
Safe and civilized travel .
Jiangsu , Yunnan , Hubei , Shanghai and other places held to send civilization traffic real-life experience , small yellow hat to the school and other thematic activities , to promote traffic safety
The training of war injury treatment and other subjects has realized the comprehensive transformation of field medical treatment to the whole element
This year , the Ministry of Agriculture launched a nationwide campaign to find the most beautiful farmers and technicians .
To the animation industry in the upper and lower reaches of the industrial chain centralized display , and promote the combination of cultural creativity and the market .
Next focus on international news
The former U . S . President's National Security Assistant , Flynn I , admitted perjury to the FBI about personal contact with Russia .
It also said it would cooperate with the investigation by Robert Miller , the special prosecutor of the Ministry of Justice responsible for the investigation of the Tongmen incident .
Prosecution documents say Flynn lied on two phone calls while testifying to the FBI . He said he was on the phone on December 22nd last year
Did not pass Kisliak to ask the Russian side to postpone the relevant Security Council vote , in the same month on the 29th telephone
Nor did he ask Russia , through Kisliak , to avoid exacerbating tensions between the United States and Russia
Flynn pleaded guilty in court that day and offered to cooperate with the investigation
It is reported that his sentence will be announced in February next year .
Flynn's confession and the charges against him did not involve anyone other than himself .
On December 1 , Turkey ordered the arrest of former CIA official Graham Fuller for alleged involvement in an attempted military coup in Turkey last year .
The arrest warrant says Fuller was in Turkey at the time of an attempted coup in Turkey last July
Fuller failed after the coup attempt
Leave Turkey .
The attempted coup killed nearly 250 people .
The Turkish government has accused the coup of being a Turkish religious figure living in the United States
First , the head of the Syrian government delegation , Jafari , who is participating in the Syrian peace talks in Geneva , said the second government delegation left for home .
It is still a question of the departure of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
The talks began with a statement by the Syrian opposition in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia
The insistence on a political transition begins with the departure of Bashar .
This competition will be held as a grand festival in the international sports world and will not be affected by any international situation
The World Cup will be held from June 14 to July 15
It was held in 11 cities such as Moscow and Sochi .
Today's news program is over . Thank you for watching
More news information you can also pay attention to CCTV news mobile network , download address can search CCTV news plus , good-bye .
Beijing Initiative
Zhejiang heritage to carry forward the spirit of red ship , encourage cadres and the masses to work hard in the forefront of the field .
The real right of contracted land in rural areas of China has achieved periodic results , and more than 1.1 billion mu of contracted land has been completed .
Next , take a look at the detailed report .
This Taiwan news , the 4th World Internet Congress 3 in the morning opened in Wuzhen , Zhejiang Province .
I would like to extend my sincere welcome to the representatives of various countries , heads of international institutions , experts and scholars , entrepreneurs and other people from all walks of life who attended the meeting .
We hope that you will pool your ideas , enhance consensus , deepen Internet and digital economic exchanges and cooperation , so that the results of Internet development will better benefit the world .
All peoples
In his letter of congratulation , Xi pointed out that at present , a new round of technological and industrial revolution , represented by information technology , is germinating , giving a strong impetus to economic and social development .
At the same time , the development of the Internet brings many new challenges to the sovereignty , security and development interests of all countries in the world .
The transformation of the global Internet governance system has entered a critical period .
The construction of network space destiny community has increasingly become a broad consensus of the international community .
We advocate the five-point proposition of four principles , that is , we hope to work with the international community to respect the sovereignty of the network and promote the spirit of partnership .
Xi stressed that the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China has formulated a plan of action and a blueprint for the development of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and proposed to build
We will promote the deep integration of the Internet , large data , artificial intelligence and the real economy , develop the digital economy , share the economy , foster new growth points and form new kinetic energy .
The door of China's opening to the outside world will not be closed . It will only open wider and wider .
Wang Huning attended the opening ceremony and delivered a keynote speech .
He said that Chairman Xi Jinping's congratulatory letter fully reflects a profound insight into the development trend of the global Internet .
An accurate grasp of the laws governing the development of cyberspace and a sincere desire for China to join hands with the rest of the world to develop the Internet and digital economy .
It not only puts forward new requirements for the development of China's Internet , but also provides new opportunities for China to develop network cooperation with other countries in the world .
We will promote the opening up , cooperation , exchange and sharing of cyberspace , and work together to build a community of destiny in cyberspace
We should encourage innovation and creation , enhance the vitality of development and promote open cooperation
Build a good order , build a safe , stable and prosperous network space .
Huang read a congratulatory letter from Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony
Deputy Prime Minister Ba Jin Jantong of Thailand and Deputy Prime Minister Nkhtubuxin of Mongolia
United Nations Under-Secretary-General Liu Zhenmin , Apple CEO Tim Cook , Cisco CEO Rodrik , the father of the Internet , Robert Strauss-Kahn
The 4th World Internet Conference was held from December 3 to 5 . The theme is to develop a digital economy to promote open sharing and work together to build a community of destiny in cyberspace .
Government representatives from more than 80 countries and regions of the five continents , heads of international organizations , leading Internet enterprises , Internet celebrities , experts and scholars , and so on
More than 1,500 guests attended the conference .
Wang Huning , member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of the CPC Central Committee , met in Wuzhen , Zhejiang , respectively with Deputy Prime Minister Ba Jin of Thailand , Deputy Prime Minister Nkhtubuxin of Mongolia , and former French Prime Minister De Werpan .
Cook , chief executive of Apple , and Rodrik , chief executive of Cisco .
China is ready to strengthen the exchange of Internet governance experience with Thailand .
Ba Jin said that the Thai side cherishes Thailand-China friendship and is ready to dock with China on the development strategy .
Promote the formation of an open , just and secure network space .
During the meeting with Enkhtubuxin , Wang Huning said that China is ready to deepen political mutual trust with Mongolia
Take care of each other's core interests and major concerns and implement the important consensus between the leaders of the two countries .
Enkhtubuxin said the development of relations with China is a priority for Mongolia's foreign policy , and Mongolia adheres to the one-China policy
During the meeting with De Werpan , Wang said that China has always attached great importance to developing China-France and China-EU relations from a strategic perspective .
The two sides should work together to promote the development of global Internet governance in a more just and reasonable direction .
He said he congratulates China on entering a new era and will continue to devote himself to developing relations between China and Europe and promoting cooperation in such areas as cyberspace governance between the two countries .
During the meeting with Cook , Wang confirmed Apple's role in digital economic development and cooperation between China and the United States .
He said that China and the United States share a wide range of common interests in the field of the Internet , and that the two sides should work together to build a network space destiny community
Mr Cook said Internet security management was important and Apple appreciated China's open policy .
Willing to promote cooperation between Internet enterprises in the two countries
In the meeting with Rodrik , Wang Huning said that technology is the guarantee of network space governance .
The 11th National Congress of the Jiu San Society opened in Beijing on December 3
Zhao , member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , met with delegates and delivered a message of congratulation on behalf of the CPC Central Committee .
Give full play to the intellectual advantages of sectors and talents , conduct in-depth investigation and research , and put forward many important opinions and suggestions , which provide important reference for the scientific decision-making of the Party and the government .
The message said
The Communist Party of China will unswervingly adhere to and improve the system of multi-party cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the CPC in accordance with the spirit of the 19th Congress of the CPC .
We will unswervingly implement the principle of long-term coexistence , mutual supervision , mutual courage , honor and disgrace , and unswervingly support the democratic parties to better perform their functions in accordance with the requirements of the socialist participating parties with Chinese characteristics .
It is hoped that the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Communist Party of China will be thoroughly studied and publicized , four consciousness will be strengthened , four self-confidence will be firmly established , and the characteristics and advantages of intelligence-intensive and talent-gathering in science and technology will be brought into play
The CPC Central Committee believes that the new Central Leading Body of the Jiu San Society will be able to shoulder the mission entrusted to it by history and the heavy responsibility of its members .
Continuously Create a New Situation in the Work of the 93rd School Society
Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and Executive Chairman of the Presidium of the 12th National People's Congress
Congratulation on behalf of the Central Committee of the democratic parties and the National Federation of Industry and Commerce
The Executive Chairman of the Presidium of the General Assembly , Han Kai-de , made a report on the work of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society .
Guo Shoukun , Yu Quan , Eli Yimba Hai , Wang Zhengwei and Wang Zhizhen attended the opening meeting
The congress will hear and consider the report on the work of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society .
To consider and adopt the Amendment to the Constitution of the Society of 93 , and elect the 14th Central Committee of the Society of 93 .
The high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties closed in Beijing today and passed the Beijing Initiative .
The dialogue attracted nearly 300 political parties and leaders of political organizations from more than 120 countries , covering different political systems , different cultural backgrounds and different ideologies .
During the dialogue session , Xi Jinping , general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and chairman of the state , delivered a keynote speech on China's proposition of building a community of human destiny and building a better world .
The participating political parties , both developed and developing , see this as crucial .
Through the Beijing initiative , the meeting stressed that political parties should enhance mutual trust and strengthen communication
As the largest political party in the world , the Communist Party of China has continuously separated and made progress , leading China to the world's remarkable development achievements .
Providing public goods . Today China is stronger and more confident than ever , and China is committed to solving the common problems facing the international community .
And strive to promote consensus among countries around the world on common goals
I think China will act as a conciliator in the world landscape , and China is becoming a global leader .
Keynote Speech of the High-level Dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the World Party
Zhejiang Province vigorously promote the spirit of red ship , with firm action , let the work in the forefront of the times .
As soon as a new batch of water samples had been collected , Liu Rui and his colleagues were immediately busy .
At the same time of daily monitoring
This year they are trying to tackle the intelligent management of rural sewage
How can manage it well , then actually is a very serious challenge .
The Institute of Ecological Environment of Zhejiang Qinghua Yangtze River Delta Research Institute is located in Jiaxing , the birthplace of red ship spirit .
From nothing more than a decade ago , until now
Zhejiang Qinghua Yangtze River Delta Research Institute has developed into a three state-level key innovation platform , nearly 400 overseas students settled in Zhejiang's regional innovation gathering strength .
The spirit of the red ship is a force that we must follow and understand . Innovation is actually very difficult
Every innovation in it
To the extent that you feel unsolvable , you have to hold on at this stage , and you are walking on and on .
It was the common people who came to the door , and now it is up and down , that is to say
Do practical things for the common people
So far , in this way , a total of 5,985 problems have been collected in Xiaoshan District , of which 3,868 have been solved and 1,496 are being handled .
Our cadres in Zhejiang have one thing to say
Regional advantage is not as good as cadre advantage , policy preference is not as good as service quality , red boat spirit of dedication this incentive can let us make progress , more this work in the front line .
Struggle
Recently , some of the 19 representatives of the literary and art circles and well-known artists of the China Federation of Literary and Cultural Associations organized a lecture tour to Inner Mongolia , Heilongjiang , Gansu , Shanghai , Guangdong , Guizhou and other places to preach the 19 spirit .
They went deep into the grass-roots mass art galleries , local academies and some colleges and universities in Inner Mongolia , Heilongjiang , Gansu and other places , and took on a new cultural mission to literary and art workers in the 19 great spirits
I am deeply proud and happy , and I am willing to sink again and write more about the fate of the little men of the great age
What are some good suggestions for the development of literature and art at the grass-roots level
Now the masses of literature and art are very lively , there is a point in popularization
Constant introduction of fine works worthy of the times .
Should be rooted with the grass-roots , in-depth life , and then make a certain cultural thickness , positive , at the same time has the permanent artistic charm of the work .
It has reached 28 , measuring a total area of 15.2 billion mu of contracted land , of which 1.11 billion mu have been completed .
Eighty-two percent of the two-round household contracted farmland area , Sichuan and other seven provinces and regions have reported to the State Council of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China basically completed .
It is expected that by the end of 2018 , the national right to contract land will be basically completed
In the future , the Ministry of Agriculture will explore the right results
China's space science satellite series of the first star , but also the world's first dark matter particle detection satellite Wukong
Over the past two years in orbit , four scans of the full-day area have detected more than 3.5 billion high-energy particles , the most accurate in the world
The results were published in the international academic journal Nature
In space , we have observed a new one that has not been observed before , one that cannot be explained or explained by the theory that has been used
The significance of this research is multiple , and most importantly , it shows that Chinese scientists are using the most cutting-edge technology
The ability to manufacture scientific instruments to detect a very difficult scientific problem .
Nose to find the toilet , this is the last century , many people about the memory of the Chinese toilet .
Also integrated into more and more humanized design
Many visitors are impressed . The toilet is ventilated all the year round and has no odor
Now you don't have to use your nose to find the toilet
Not only does it change the hardware , but the software has to keep up
Tourist departments require that toilets in scenic areas should be equipped with toilet paper and hand sanitizers
But in some areas
Does this civilian service stop because of the uncivilized behavior of others
Managers everywhere made a choice
On the one hand through the civilization prompt advocates the economy , on the other hand also carries on the technical innovation .
Public toilets in Nanjing , Suicheng and other places in Jiangsu Province
Brush your face for three seconds to get a free toilet paper , but to get a double , you need to wait another ten minutes
Avoid misuse of public resources
Habit , maybe some tourists do want to put the paper back , but on the other hand we also have to reflect
Is there no paper for the next toilet that our visitors are going to enter , so this is what we have highlighted in our new three-year plan
This imbalance should be resolved properly
To push the toilet revolution into depth is to think more about what the masses think .
Must have a third bathroom , convenient for the family to accompany the elderly , children to the toilet .
We brought the baby , the men's room and we were too embarrassed to go in
Female toilet children so small as if to understand a bit of embarrassment , that board is particularly comfortable , very convenient for us to bring children .
While people feel civilization , they also become builders of civilization . In the countryside , villagers in the Guangxi river pool are building new flush toilets in their homes
Great achievements have been made in promoting the toilet revolution not only to help people stay away from disease , but also to drive economic development to narrow the regional development gap .
This toilet problem it is a programmatic problem , is a social problem development node .
It is a national civilization project , from the point of view of the country to guide the layout , and then all aspects from different degrees of participation to solve small social problems .
This will make up all our shortness .
With the construction of Jinxi Irrigation Area in Heilongjiang Province , 14 new major water conservancy projects have been started this year .
The scale of investment reached 900 billion yuan .
At present , China's eyesight , hearing and intelligence three categories of disabled children , juvenile compulsory education enrollment rate of more than 90 percent .
The Xicheng high-speed rail link between Xi'an and Chengdu will open on December 6 . Tickets for the first train and the end-of-year train will be on sale today .
At noon today , China's Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center , using a Long March II carrier rocket , successfully launched the land exploration satellite 1 into a predetermined orbit .
Construction of the first common railway tunnel in the Yellow River began a few days ago .
The tunnel is 3.7 kilometers long . After completion , it will cross the Yellow River directly into the main city of Jinan
spiritual connotation
Next focus on the international news .
The U . S . Senate 2 voted to pass a massive tax cut .
The analysis says it marks a step closer to the completion of the largest tax cuts in three decades by the Trump administration and congressional Republicans .
The Republican-majority Senate ultimately passed the tax cut with 51 votes in favour and 49 against it .
and provides an opportunity for the middle class to reduce its burden
But Democrats have criticized the bill as a major benefit to big U . S . businesses and the rich
U . S . President Trump 2 voted for the Senate to pass a tax cut bill
Welcoming , he stressed that the government's economic measures are boosting the U . S . economy
Trump also criticized Senate Democrats
It would be a mistake to vote all against the bill
Under the U . S . legislative process , the House and Senate will continue to negotiate a final unified version of the tax cuts in the coming weeks
After a separate vote
According to a spokesman for Yemeni Hussain and former President Saleh , the exchange of fire between the two armies in the capital , Sana'a , has escalated and 80 people have been killed .
More than a hundred people were injured According to eyewitnesses , heavy weapons such as tanks were deployed on both sides of the conflict , fighting in the streets of Sana'a , and thousands of people and children were trapped in central Sana'a
At present , the Republican Guard , which supported Mr Saleh , also occupied the airport
The presidential palace and some important government agencies , and announced that a curfew would be imposed in the occupied territories
Mr Hussain claims to have taken control of today's television station , which belonged to Mr Saleh .
Hu and Saleh formed an alliance at the end of 2014 against the legitimate government led by Yemeni President Hadi .
In September this year , the armed forces announced the appointment of military commanders and other key positions .
Mr Saleh refused to acknowledge the appointment .
At the end of November , sporadic exchanges of fire began between Mr Saleh's supporters and Mr Hu's forces .
At the same time , also front door President Saleh said
He is ready to open a new chapter in relations with the Saudi-led multinational coalition and begin to get along with the coalition in a positive way
But only if the multinational coalition stopped the attack on Yemen first .
In response , the Saudi-led multinational coalition issued a statement
U . S . President Trump 2 says there is absolutely no collusion between his campaign and the Russian side
This is Trump's National Security Assistant to the former President , Flynn
Acknowledgement of perjury for the first time in response to the Russian investigation
Trump also said he was not worried about what Flynn would say to investigators .
On the 1st , Flynn admitted to the judge that he had given false testimony to the FBI about personal contact with Russia
He has repeatedly expressed his opposition to the German government's acceptance of immigrants , and even the right-leaning rhetoric that Germany should be proud of World War II veterans .
A large number of local people gathered outside the convention to protest against the far-right populist idea of choosing the party .
In the German Bundestag election in September , the selection party was elected the third-largest party in the House .
It was the first time in Germany that a far-right party entered the Bundestag after World War II .
Today's news program is over . Thank you for watching
More news information you can also pay attention to CCTV news mobile network , download address can search CCTV news plus .
Goodbye .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Today is Monday , December 4th , October 17th of the lunar calendar . Welcome to the news program .
First of all , I would like to introduce you to the main content of today's program .
At the invitation of Xi Jinping , the President of Maldives will visit China .
From today onwards , the news network launched a series of reports , a new era of new meteorology , in-depth coverage of the various departments in various regions with the spirit of the Party 19
Armed mind , guide practice .
New ideas to promote the work of new initiatives to achieve new results .
Today , the innovation drive has become an important engine of Shanghai's development
Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome the Canadian Prime Minister's visit to China and hold a second annual dialogue with the Canadian Prime Minister .
Zhang Dejiang attended the 4th National Constitution Day Symposium and delivered a speech
Wang Yang will attend the Global Forum on " Wealth " in Guangzhou in 2017
Wang Huning attended and spoke at the seminar to promote the spirit of the red ship .
The General Office of the Central Military Commission issued the " Notice " , which requires the PLA and the Armed Police Force to carefully organize and study the second volume of " Xi Jinping talk about governing the country " .
The Office of the Central Government issued the " Guiding Opinions on the Establishment and Improvement of the Village Affairs Supervision Committee " .
In the five years since the implementation of the eight central regulations , the four winds have been constantly corrected .
Major changes have taken place in the Party style , political style and social ethos
The exchange of fire between Yemeni Hussain and Saleh factions continued , with Saudi Arabia leading a multinational coalition airstrike
Support for Saleh militants
Next , please watch the details .
At the invitation of President Xi Jinping , President Abdullah Abdul Gayoom of the Republic of Maldives will be from December 6 to 9
A state visit to China
This important discussion has sounded a resounding horn for us to fulfill our new mission and embark on a new journey .
Starting today , " News Broadcast " launched a series of reports on " new weather in the new era . "
This is the first enterprise in the world to develop and manufacture educational robots . After graduating from 23 - year-old Xiao Xu University
Choosing to come to Shanghai , he already had his own team in half a year .
My dream is to make a robot of my own and help others .
The robot needs some motors , a rudder and a controller , which can now be developed on its own .
Preferential Policy in Shanghai
Also led to a number of innovative talent , stay at home , stay in Shanghai .
Nineteen major reports put forward for the first time the construction of a modern economic system , and requirements
Intelligent manufacturing enterprises are transforming from traditional manufacturing industries
In the first three quarters of this year , the output value of intelligent manufacturing was close to 16 billion yuan , an increase of nearly 40 % year-on-year . Our original business is
As a control system for that elevator , we obviously felt in the past few years that the whole industry was short of its new kinetic energy , so we
It has increased the strength of the transformation and development of this enterprise
At the request of General Secretary Xi Jinping , Shanghai is speeding up its march to the centre of scientific and technological innovation with global influence .
In order to speed up the transformation of scientific research results from paper to money , local regulations were introduced in Shanghai this year to promote the transformation and service of scientific and technological achievements .
Ten days after the closing of the 19 th National Congress , Shanghai has issued further suggestions to promote the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence .
There is a lot of maladjustment in the process of innovation .
burst out of their vitality
Entering a new era , scientific and technological innovation is promising
The Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai is the vanguard of China's satellite technology innovation research .
To do a novel thing , in itself , the goal choice of the task is new .
The Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , whose average age is only 31 years old
Five more satellites will be launched in the near future
The all-round innovation from materials , devices to components has promoted the upgrading and transformation of China's manufacturing industry chain .
The report of the 19th National Congress made it clear that China has entered a new era , and that the standard of a powerful nation is , in my personal opinion , the point of running
So far , all the satellites launched by our Academy of Small Satellites have been groundbreaking , and we will not follow the path that others have taken , nor will we catch up with others
A number of interdisciplinary , multi-field and comprehensive large-scale scientific industries have been formed , which have promoted Shanghai's original innovation ability and strategic ability to preempt the development of scientific and technological innovation in the world in an all-round way .
In the new era , the strong impetus of innovation-driven development to Shanghai is emerging .
The enterprising spirit of bold trial , bold venture and independent reform also stems from the fact that Shanghai always regards the reform of institutional mechanism as the key to the development of this big article .
As pointed out in the report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , we will deepen the reform of the scientific and technological system and establish a system of technological innovation with enterprises as the main body , market-oriented and in-depth integration of production , education and research
It is also through the reform mechanism to promote innovation , to create a better atmosphere for the subject of innovation .
After the welcoming ceremony , Li Keqiang and Trudo held the second annual dialogue between the Prime Minister of China and Canada .
Li Keqiang made positive comments on the development of China-Canada relations over the past year
Li Keqiang said that the current economic globalization continued to advance , a new round of science and technology and industrial revolution swept the whole world
In order to continue healthy and stable development , China-Canada relations must conform to the trend of the times
Adhere to mutual respect , treating each other on an equal footing , mutual benefit and win-win progress , and constantly expand common interests .
Li Keqiang pointed out that China-Canada pragmatic cooperation and complementary strong , should expand two-way trade investment , encourage enterprises of the two countries to invest in each other's countries
Li stressed that China and Canada are both important countries in the Asia-Pacific region and major trading countries in the world , and it is in the common interest of both sides to send positive signals on the issue of promoting trade and investment liberalization and facilitation .
The door of China's opening to the outside world will be bigger and bigger , the business environment will be better and better , and will continue to be a hot ground for international investment .
Continue the friendship between the two countries
Canada supports free trade and is ready to work with China to promote globalization and free trade and contribute to global sustainable development .
The two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
After the talks , the two Prime Ministers jointly witnessed the signing of bilateral cooperation documents in the fields of education , food safety and energy .
On the afternoon of the 4th , Li Keqiang and Canadian Prime Minister Trudo met with reporters .
Li Keqiang introduced the results of the second China-Canada Prime Minister's annual dialogue .
He said the two sides agreed to promote the process of globalization , safeguard trade and investment liberalization and facilitation , and are ready to work together to explore the feasibility of the China-Canada Free Trade Agreement .
China is open to the process and content of the negotiations .
The two sides agreed to strengthen tourism and aviation cooperation and close cultural exchanges between the two countries .
Share opportunities , meet challenges together , promote China-Canada relations in the golden stage of constantly flashing light .
We will deepen cooperation in all fields , commit ourselves to common development and prosperity and build a stable and active relationship in the medium and long term .
Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress , Zhang Dejiang 4 , attended the 4th National Constitution Day Symposium and delivered a speech
He stressed that in-depth study should be carried out to carry out the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping
As a top priority in learning and carrying out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party , the Central Committee of the Party , with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core , has fully implemented the major decision-making arrangements on strengthening the implementation and supervision of the Constitution
We will more firmly and consciously abide by the principles of the Constitution , carry forward the spirit of the Constitution , fulfill the mission of the Constitution , and make better use of the Constitution to build a well-off society in an all-round way
An important role in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way .
Zhang Dejiang pointed out that the Constitution is the fundamental law of the state and the general constitution governing the state .
We must vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Constitution , implement the Constitution in an all-round way , and unswervingly adhere to the leadership of the Communist Party of China
We will firmly safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping , firmly uphold the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership , and unswervingly adhere to socialism with Chinese characteristics
Conversion to the conscious actions of all the people
Zhang Dejiang stressed that in-depth constitutional publicity and education is an important basic work to promote the rule of law in an all-round way , as well as a long-term task .
We must continue to play an important role in the activities of the National Constitution Day and the swearing-in of the Constitution , and make more use of the way that the people like to see and hear
We will carry out publicity and education in the Constitution , strive to improve the quality of the rule of law of the whole nation , build a solid ideological foundation for the implementation of constitutional law and create a good social environment .
To establish the sense of constitution , enhance the self-confidence of the Constitution , become a firm believer , speaker , practitioner and defender of the Constitution .
Li Jianguo attended the symposium .
Wang Chen presided over the seminar .
This Taiwan news , 2017 " Wealth " Global Forum will be held in Guangzhou from December 6 to 8 , Vice Premier Wang Yang of the State Council will attend the opening ceremony of the Forum .
And deliver the keynote speech .
Meanwhile , Vice Premier Wang Yang will meet with Prime Minister Trudo of Canada and Prime Minister O 'Neill of Papua New Guinea , who attended the forum .
The Red Boat Spirit Symposium was held on December 4 in Jiaxing , Zhejiang Province . Wang Huning , member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , attended the meeting and delivered a speech .
We will promote the study and implementation of the Nineteen Great Spirit of the Party and the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping to deepen , inspire and encourage the broad masses of cadres to use the great spirit
To promote great practice , do not forget the beginning of the heart , remember the mission , always strive for the realization of the tasks put forward by the 19th Congress of the Party unremitting efforts .
Wang Huning said that the red boat spirit is the source of the Chinese revolutionary spirit , which shows the initial heart of the Chinese Communists
The initiative it carries
The spirit of struggle and dedication is the spiritual driving force that motivates our Party to persevere in its struggle and continue to grow and grow . It is a valuable spiritual asset for our Party to set up the Party to rejuvenate the Party and to govern and rejuvenate the country
It is also a strong spiritual support for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era
We must combine the promotion of the red ship spirit with the deepening of the Party's 19 spiritual learning and publicity , and firmly grasp the main line of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era .
Work hard at learning how to get things done
We must deepen the study and publicity of the revolutionary spirit such as the Red Boat Spirit , carry out various forms of educational practice , and guide people to take an active part in the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era .
Before the seminar , the participants jointly looked at the South Lake red boat .
Visit the South Lake Revolution Memorial Hall
This Taiwan news , the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the " Notice on earnestly organizing the study of Xi Jinping on the second volume of governance and administration of the country " .
The PLA and the Armed Police Force are required to study deeply to understand Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era , and to rise up to learn to publicize and carry out the 19 great spiritual craze of the Party .
The Notice points out that learning to carry out the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping is a major political task for the whole Party and the army at present and in the coming period
At all levels , with a high degree of political self-awareness and in the forefront of the standards , the second volume of " Xi Jinping on governance " and the earlier issue of the publication
As an in-depth study of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in the new era , the first volume of " Xi Jinping talks about governing the country and politics "
Unified to the major decision-making arrangements determined by the Nineteen National Congress of the Party
