urumqi , $date ( xinhua ) - - over the past few years , in order to promote nationality solidarity and safeguard social stability , xinjiang 's yili has launched in a creative way a " face - to - face " propaganda activity to let the people of all nationalities hear the voice of the party and government , and the activity has been warmly welcomed .
located in the country 's northwestern border , yili has served as an important window during the country 's opening up to the outside world . since reform and opening up , yili has developed the economy by a large margin and rapidly improved the people 's livelihood .
however , restricted by communications and telecommunication conditions , a vast number of farmers and herdsmen living in the remote mountainous areas and rural areas have been unable to accurately learn in a timely fashion the party 's and state 's principles and policies .
in order to change this situation , $date , the yili prefecture cpc committee took the lead in organizing and sending some $number teachers , divided into various propaganda teams , deep into the rural and pastoral areas during the summer vacation to present the facts and reason things out for the masses .
$date , the yili autonomous prefecture cpc committee and the yili prefecture cpc committee made unified arrangements and sent on a trial basis several propaganda teams deep into the schools , villagers ' courtyards , and fields to carry out face - to - face propaganda among the people of all nationalities .
$date , on the basis of summing up experiences , they again extended the face - to - face propaganda activity from yili prefecture to aletai and tacheng ; increased the number of the propaganda team members to $number [ as published ] ; held nearly $number propaganda lectures in all , which were attended by as many as $number $number people ; and attained such desired results as " larger scale , longer duration , richer contents , and better results . "
in order to ensure the propaganda standard , the yili autonomous prefecture cpc committee selected and transferred only those cadres with higher political quality , a higher policy and theoretical standard , and a stronger propaganda ability , who speak both the han language and the ethnic languages concerned , as the propaganda team members . in accordance with such requirements , the prefectures and counties ( or cities ) concerned also set up propaganda teams level by level , each with three or four members , and placed the personnel concerned under centralized training for five to seven days .
in order to coordinate with the propaganda activity , the autonomous prefecture authorities and prefecture authorities especially organized personnel to compile and make the videotapes , cassettes , pictures , and materials concerned in the uyghur language , the kazakh language , and the han language .
it was learned that while carrying out the " face - to - face " propaganda activity , the propaganda team members mainly explained the party 's and state 's nationality policies , rural policies , and religious policies and publicized the tremendous changes that had taken place in the local areas since reform and opening up . each year , they would revise the themes and key topics of the propaganda activity in light of outstanding problems during different periods .
apart from conducting propaganda by holding the parents ' meetings , forums , and discussions , as well as in other forms , the propaganda teams also tried to make the propaganda activity as vivid and lively as possible for the masses , such as conducting propaganda at the bazha ( trade fair ) , aken singing and playing performances , sports meets , theatrical performances , knowledge contests , and so on .
when giving a propaganda lecture at the gegangou pasture in huocheng county , the propaganda team concerned especially staged an aken singing and playing performance . some people had hurried to the scene from areas some $number kilometers away one day before .
as the propaganda activity was conducted in a way welcomed by the masses and with the local realities fully taken into account , it received an enthusiastic response from the masses .
in many rural areas , the masses sat on the grassland , in the football fields , or under the trees and conscientiously listened to the propaganda lectures .
while abulimiti , deputy secretary general of the yili prefecture administrative office , was giving a propaganda lecture in a township in yining county , it suddenly rained .
after listening to a propaganda lecture , given the strong atmosphere and appeal of the propaganda activity , some people would even follow the propaganda team to other villages where they would listen to the same propaganda lecture again .
" thanks to this activity , we have heard about and watched a lot of things , including those we have never heard of or seen before .
we could easily understand what they said and learn a lot of things from them , " sighed the masses in yining county and huocheng county , who had listened to the lectures .
an old man from sadikeweizi village of sadikeweizi township in yining county firmly held a propaganda team member by hand , asking him to go to his house to give a lecture to his children . he said : " if only you had come here to give us propaganda lectures two years before !
we 're illiterate , know very little , and cannot convince the young people . you 've given a very good lecture . you should come here more often in future . "
yibulayin , a farmer from alamutuya village of yingyeer township in yining city , said : " a country is just like a family and the government is just like a parent . if the parent often teaches his children , his children will make fewer mistakes . "
the enthusiasm displayed by the masses in listening to the propaganda lectures also surprised those who gave the lectures . a propaganda team member later recalled : " i was deeply impressed by the atmosphere when i saw $number people quietly and conscientiously listening to my lecture . thus , i talked more and more and better and better .
jin yulong , secretary of the leading party group of the yili prefecture farm machinery bureau , has also been greatly enlightened , saying : " in the past , i served as a deputy county magistrate for several years . however , i never carried out such face - to - face propaganda and education among the grassroots masses .
when i $number came here , i thought that it would be difficult for us to gather the villagers together and even if we could gather them together , some of them would leave the site before a propaganda lecture ended .
later on , when i saw our propaganda team welcomed by the masses wherever it went and a large number of people coming to listen to our propaganda lectures , i myself was greatly educated .
while carrying out the propaganda activity , the propaganda team members displayed a spirit of bearing hardships and enduring hard work .
in the ganjiahu pasture of wusu city , the propaganda team members carried with them their own food and traveled by vehicles for $number kilometers for seven consecutive days , going into the households to give propaganda lectures .
in those seven days , in order to save time , they ate dry crusty pancakes and drank plain boiled water during the day and lived in the herdsmen 's yurts at night .
sometimes , they would especially rush to an area in order to give a propaganda lecture to only a few people .
apart from sparing no effort to carry out the propaganda activity from village to village , the propaganda team members also find time to help the local people tackle difficulties and problems in their production and livelihood and joined them in fighting the floods and providing disaster relief .
in order to carry out the state strategy of greatly developing the western regions , the yili autonomous prefecture cpc committee and the yili prefecture cpc committee have decided to continually expand the propaganda scale ; enrich the propaganda contents ; and train a propaganda contingent that will never leave the rural villages with an eye on stepping up grassroots organizations building .
beijing , $date - - the shuguang $number - ii superserver successfully developed by the state intelligent machinery research and development center of the chinese academy of science computer institute passed in beijing today the specialists ' appraisal conducted by the ministry of science and technology .
song jian , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and president of the chinese academy of engineering , attended the appraisal meeting .
the shuguang $number - ii superserver is a major achievement in the state $number project and in the knowledge innovation project of the chinese academy of sciences . effecting major breakthroughs in its key technologies and in realizing its production , this super - server has attained the advanced level that similar products in the world attained at the end $date , and has already edged into the international leading ranks in terms of machine operation systems .
high - performance computing is divided into scientific engineering computing and non - scientific engineering computing , with the latter including business processing and network information services , accounting for $number percent of the total .
the traditional supercomputers are good at the scientific engineering computing only , while this super - server is good at both , thus being the mainstream of the high - end computers .
according to the statistics released in $date , among the world 's $number installed computers with the fastest theoretical operations speeds , $number were super - servers , with their number tending to increase .
the peak floating - point $number theoretical operations per $number [ mtops ] of this super - server is $number range ; its aggregate installed capacity is $number gigabytes , which can be expanded to $number gigabytes ; and its aggregate disk size is $number gigabytes , which can be expanded to $number gigabytes .
with an advanced machines system set - up , this super - server is composed of $number nodal computers and $number processors .
the shuguang $number - ii super server is equipped with abundant and complete software .
china has manufactured by itself a high - performance machine operation system that is supplemented with many kinds of popular high - class program languages and mainstream parallel programming environments and means .
to support its network information service , this super server is also installed with parallel network and e - mail service software , thus being able to support all kinds of popular database software .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the chinese government announced at the turn of the century that one of its economic priorities would be to speed up the development of its western parts .
economists here maintain that the strategy of developing western china was a timely one .
the strategy for large - scale development of western china , which president jiang zemin put forth early last year , and the national economic conference held late last year and the state council conference held last $date on developing the west all show that large - scale development of western china had become a common understanding of central and local leading hierarchies across the country .
according to the concept , central and western china should $number give consideration to the national interests by supporting the opening up and development of coastal areas in the east .
then , when the east has reached a certain stage of development , it should help central and western china speed up its development with even more resources in return .
moreover , owing to the deflation trend , the state has adopted certain active fiscal policies to boost the economy , creating the situation where the government can afford to support the development of the west with even more resources .
according to zeng peiyuan , minister in charge of the state development planning commission , this year the government will draw up additional preferential policies for encouraging foreign businesses to invest in western china and will spend more loans from international organizations on construction projects in the west .
this year , the state will continue to tilt its investments toward western china , the next five - year plan will include a special plan for the development of the west , and the government will invest a larger percentage of money incurred from floating national bonds in projects in western china .
meanwhile , the people 's bank of china is also working on a credit policy to be carried out in western china , and the china development bank will soon set up many branches in western provinces and regions in an effort to give western china greater financial support in its development .
according to the experts , china 's economic development in recent years has been hindered by inadequate demand at home , and considerable portion of technology and labor are seeking new areas of production , new markets , and new areas of development .
on its part , the sprawling western china with rich natural resources offers enormous investment opportunities as well as market and development potentials .
the development of western china will provide vast areas for the nation 's economic restructuring and industrial optimization and escalation .
china has basically addressed the problem of feeding the people . its food supply is higher than demand . this has created the rare opportunity for the development of western china .
in the past , western china , in order to address its food problem , had to destroy its woodlands for subsistence , causing serious ravage to its environment .
the present food surplus can specifically serve the purpose of helping western china restore its woodlands , grasslands , and the beauty of its landscapes .
[ " commentary " by xna reporter lu yongjian ( $number $number $number ) : " development of west china needs a good plan in $number place " ] [ fbis translated text ] beijing , $date (xinhua) - - after the central authorities proposed that the development of west china should enter the concrete implementation stage this year , people from various social sectors , particularly the comrades in the western region , are extremely inspired and eager to make a big go at it .
some localities have planned to increase investment , and others have begun returning land unfit for farming to forestry and animal husbandry , raising the curtain on ecological construction . braving the piercingly cold wind , quite a few cadres from the western region went to the eastern and southern parts of the country , busying themselves with the introduction of projects .
at the time when the heat wave of developing west china gradually ran high , the recently established leading group for the development of the western region under the state council held a meeting , at which it was pointed out that on the basis of thorough investigation and study , it is imperative to draw up a realistic and feasible overall plan and some special plans now , and include them into $number five - year plan for national economic and social development .
the reason why the central authorities have attached such great importance to the planning work for the western region development is that a good plan is the crux of making $number step toward the development of west china .
our forefathers said : preparedness ensures success , and unpreparedness spells failure , which means that in doing everything , it is necessary to make thorough preparations and well - conceived plans .
the large - scale development of the western region has a bearing on the overall situation of developing coordinated regional economy , promoting national unity , and maintaining social stability .
for instance , the land in west china accounts for more than one - half of the country 's total , where construction of infrastructure facilities should be reinforced , construction of water conservancy and communication works is necessary , and construction projects of basic industries are indispensable too .
in respect of science , education , and qualified personnel , it is necessary to strengthen compulsory and elementary education , make a breakthrough in developing high - tech projects , import qualified personnel from other regions and , at the same time , train local talented personnel , bringing into full play the initiative of the existing talent .
in doing such heavy and complicated work , if we have not a good plan , it is hard to avoid running around in circles when the work is fully under way , and we may have to pay a considerably high price for the " remedies " after problems crop up , which will inevitably impair the entire process of the development .
the central authorities stressed that in developing the western region , things must be done in accordance with the scientific law , as the formulation of scientific and meticulous plans is both demanded by the intrinsic law governing the regional economic development , and has definite objectives in view .
although there is no longer any phenomenon like the great leap forward which made rash advances in all aspects regardless of objective conditions , yet in our economic sphere , instances of redundant construction and blindly put up establishments occur from time to time , some of them are very serious .
making a scientific plan will help maintain unflagging enthusiasm and enhance the prudent and rational spirit , so that good intentions will reap good results and the large - scale development of the western region will obtain great achievements .
it is precisely on the basis of summing up the experiences and lessons in the economic construction for years that the central authorities proposed that all the major construction projects of the western region development should be included in the plans for sufficient verification .
a scientific plan has both its guiding function and binding force .
without the guidance of a plan , there will probably emerge such a tendency that those who are in power or who hold higher positions have the final say .
with a plan , however , the practices involving a lot of paper work , considerations for sensibilities , and protection of local interests can be avoided .
in short , making a good plan at the beginning of the construction is the crucial measure for reducing haphazard economic development .
to be authoritative , a plan must be scientific and conform to the objective reality .
whether a plan is scientific or not involves many things , the most important of which is the backwardness of the western region in economic and social development . it was formed in history for a long period of time and needs a long process to change this situation . that is why we should make the best use of our time to take action for the western development while making full mental preparations for a long - term and arduous struggle .
in making plans , therefore , we should base ourselves on the present and have our eyes on the future , and combine the solution of the current outstanding problems with the realization of the long - term development objectives . our plans should both reflect the spirit of emancipating the mind and positively forging ahead , and conform to the principle of seeking truth from facts and following the objective laws . in particular , adequate considerations should be given to the natural and geographical conditions and the actual circumstances of various localities .
to draw up an authoritative plan , we must also pay attention to coordination and comprehensive equilibrium .
for the western region development , various sectors , trades , and departments of the national economy are obligated to make plans .
in terms of ecological construction alone , the departments of forestry , water conservancy , agriculture , and land should participate in devising plans . various departments must work in cooperation with division of labor , and the plans must be well linked and coordinated to avoid disharmony .
as a dozen provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions as well as the xinjiang production and construction corps are involved in the western development , various localities , especially the neighboring provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , must coordinate with one another in drafting plans .
if they only proceed from the interests of their own provinces , areas , or units regardless of the overall situation of the western development , they are unable to play a harmonious and resonant symphony for the development of west china .
it has been learned that the state development planning commission and the state forestry bureau have jointly drawn up a preliminary plan on the construction of infrastructure facilities and the change of grain plots to other uses for ecological consideration , the experimental work for which will be carried out in selected spots this year .
there is a relationship of mutual promotion between experiments and plans , and between the selected spots and the entire areas , and the experience gained in the selected spots can serve the purpose of perfecting the plans and help carry out the work in a comprehensive way .
judging from the current situation , various localities showed great initiative in making ecological experiments , the great majority of the provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions wanted to expand their scope of experiments , and some of them even proposed that their experiments would cover the entire province .
while fully affirming this enthusiasm , we should also pay attention to avoiding over - enthusiastic and blind actions . if the experimental scope is too large at the beginning , then the meaning of making experiments in selected points no longer exists .
what we need to emphasize is that in making plans or experiments , or even in carrying out the future comprehensive development , two things must be respected : $number ) the market law must be respected .
under the conditions of developing the socialist market economy , we cannot purely rely on the support from the state and obstinately ask the state for projects and funds for developing the western region . instead , we must organically combine the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control with the market mechanism and fully exercise the role of the market in the allocation of resources .
$number ) the masses ' wishes must be respected , and their initiative and creativeness must be brought into full play .
the practice for many years has shown that even if we do things with good intentions , we must also fully respect the masses ' wishes , and only by arousing the masses ' enthusiasm to work with one heart can we initiate an excellent situation for the western development .
it is gratifying that , in the western region now , the masses ' enthusiasm for opening up cultivated land on slopes and returning land unfit for grain production to forestry and animal husbandry is running high . this valuable enthusiasm of the peasants must be seriously protected through such measures as reducing peasants ' burdens , and others .
news that has recently spread here indicates that some localities in the western region have introduced or are studying the introduction of preferential policies , hoping to import funds from the eastern region and foreign countries through various methods .
of course , this is extremely necessary , but we must note that making a good plan is equally very important .
if we have a scientific and meticulous plan and disseminate it extensively so that the entire world will clearly know about what and how we are going to do for the development of west china , then people will remove their worries as they have seen our determination , sincerity , methodicalness , and measures in the development .
once their doubts and misgivings are cleared , they will vie with one another to make bold investment in the western region .
therefore , making a good plan is conducive to creating a fully appealing investment environment .
we believe that with the wise leadership of the party 's central committee and the valuable experiences gained in reform , opening up , and economic construction , the scientific planning work for the western development will certainly yield good results , and the magnificent ideal of the large - scale development of west china will certainly become a reality . cpp20000204000018 [ description of source : beijing xinhua domestic service in chinese - - china 's official news service ( new china news agency ) ] ( endall ) $number ycc /
upon hearing a report on issues related to harnessing the yellow river [ huang he ] and other water conservancy projects , state council vice premier wen jiabao emphasized that water issues are important factors restricting our nation 's economic and social development . water conservancy projects are very complex , systemic construction projects , requiring complete planning , comprehensive management , an emphasis on important points , guaranteed quality , and unceasing persistence in the work of flood prevention and drought resistance .
on $date , wen jiabao came to the ministry of water resources to hear a report by the head of the ministry of water resources , wang shucheng , regarding water conservancy projects since last year , and a report by e jingping , director of the yellow river water conservancy committee under the ministry of water resources , regarding major issues and policies concerning harnessing the yellow river .
wen jiabao fully affirmed that $date our nation made remarkable achievements in water conservancy construction , and hoped that the cadres and staff on the battle lines of water conservancy would continue their efforts , complete this year 's missions , and achieve even greater accomplishments .
he made the following requests with regard to several important issues in water conservancy : $number , complete planning .
scientific , complete water conservancy construction plans must be drawn up in accordance with the demands of the overall mission and overall goals of national economic and social development , and must be in line with overall planning for national economic and social development .
drawing up plans must be treated as an important and pressing mission ; and , as a task fundamental to the strengthening of water conservancy construction , it must be diligently carried out in a controlled manner .
the ministry of water resources must draw up a comprehensive national plan for water conservancy construction development to be used in guiding the work of water conservancy nationwide .
flood prevention and development plans must also be drawn up for the major river basins .
at the same time , plans for various types of special projects must be put in place .
water conservancy projects within a river basin must all be carried out under the guidance of the overall plan and the plan for the river basin .
$number , comprehensive management .
serious flooding , the scarcity of water resources , erosion , and worsening water pollution are currently the most important issues , and comprehensive management must be carried out .
flood prevention is the primary mission , and it is also work that must be done frequently and diligently .
flood prevention must be integrated with water conservation , ecological protection , and pollution prevention and control .
in addition , non - engineering measures such as meteorology , hydrology , monitoring , communications , information systems , and the like must be strengthened .
water conservancy projects must establish management while placing emphasis on the right things , which means that while project quality must be taken seriously , maintenance and upkeep must also be strengthened .
$number , emphasize important points .
proper handling requires making the relationships among what is possible , the current situation and the long - term .
according to the unified plan , major issues relating to the national economy and people 's livelihood and urgent problems are resolved $number , and moreover are integrated with the fulfillment of long - range planning goals .
according to the request made by general secretary jiang zemin , we must insist on taking time to reach decisions , comprehensive consideration , scientific selections and comparisons , and meticulous designs for major water conservancy projects .
the establishment and design of projects must be fully debated and repeated comparisons must be made in order to make the project stand the test of time .
$number , ensure project quality .
this is critical to strengthening water conservancy construction management .
in the recent period of time , in accordance with requests from the central government and relevant national regulations , the ministry of water resources has taken a series of measures to strengthen project quality management , and has achieved remarkable success .
however , many problems still remain in water conservancy projects .
the key to solving these problems lies in emphasizing the word strict , as in strict demands , strict management , and strict execution of the system of rules and regulations . not one link can be left out in ensuring the quality of water conservancy projects .
wen jiabao stressed that flood prevention and drought resistance relate to the lives , property , and security of the people , and must be given high regard at all times .
$number , we must get a handle on flood prevention construction and raise the flood - prevention capability of major rivers by emphasizing embankment construction now , and gradually bringing the embankments along the major rivers up to flood prevention standards , in accordance with the overall demands of flood prevention plans .
$number , we must implement a flood - prevention responsibility system , strengthen pre - flood inspections , and implement flood prevention measures .
this has been a cold winter , and we must put particular emphasis on the work of preventing flooding due to melting ice on northern rivers .
$number , we must raise the level of modern flood - prevention and drought resistance technology .
establish modernized meteorological , hydrological , and communications facilities , strengthen analysis and research of rainfall and water conditions , and improve the accuracy of forecasting .
he called on the comrades at the national prevention office to be faithful in the discharge of their duties , diligent and responsible , and to serve selflessly to raise the scientific level and efficiency of the work .
beijing , $date (zts) - - the state council recently approved the establishment of a leadership group for the development of west china , to take overall charge of this development work . zhu rongji has been appointed head of the group , with wen jiabao as deputy head . the members include $number ministerial - level officials .
the state council leadership group for west china development has an office subordinate to it ; a specific organ has been set up in the state development and planning commission , to undertake the day to day work of the leadership group .
zeng peiyan is director and wang chunzheng and duan yingbi are the deputy directors of this office .
china formally proposed implementing the strategy of major development of west china at the national economic work conference last year .
having been discussed until early this year , this major development strategy is gradually heating up . clues to the thinking on western development are also being gradually revealed .
from $date the state council leadership group for west china development held a conference in beijing on western development , at which premier zhu rongji set out the scheme for this development , so that the work can get comprehensively started as soon as possible .
since last $date premier zhu rongji has taken leading members of the state council on many visits to the western provinces and autonomous regions to prepare the plans for western development ; he has also put forward specific guidelines and policies for this work .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the all - china federation of trade unions , the communist youth league [ cyl ] central committee , and the all - china women 's federation held a joint forum in beijing on the morning of $date to mark $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang zemin 's speech entitled " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
those attending the forum said : president jiang zemin 's speech gave a systematic , complete , and incisive explanation on comrade deng xiaoping 's idea of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and put forward an eight - point proposal for further developing cross - strait relations and promoting the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland in the current stage . this fully reflected the determination and sincerity of the cpc and the chinese government to develop cross - strait relations and promote the reunification of the motherland and expressed all the chinese people 's aspiration for reunification .
as has been proven in practice over the past five years , president jiang zemin 's important speech has a very important guiding significance in developing cross - strait relations and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland in the current stage .
zhang junjiu , vice chairman of the executive committee of the all - china federation of trade unions , said : breakthroughs have been made in the exchanges and contacts between the trade unions and labor circles on both sides of the strait over the past five years , and exchanges between the industrial trade unions on both sides and between the trade unions of taiwan island and the provinces and municipalities of the mainland have been promoted .
during the exchanges and mutual visits , people of the same trades from the trade unions of both sides expressed their feelings of hope for reunification and opposition to separation .
to our regret , however , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] openly trotted out the " two - state theory " when cross - strait relations were developing continuously , thus seriously undermining the foundation for the normal development of cross - strait relations and greatly damaging the interests of taiwan compatriots .
$number staff and workers and trade unions at all levels throughout the country resolutely oppose this criminal act to split the motherland .
zhang junjiu said : settling the taiwan issue and achieving the complete reunification of the motherland is where the fundamental interests of the chinese nation lie and is an irresistible historical trend . it is hoped that the taiwan authorities will clearly understand the situation and , proceeding from the fundamental interests of the chinese nation , will comply with the trend of this era and the aspiration of the taiwan people to seek peace , stability , and development , and promote the continuous development of cross - strait relations with concrete deeds .
gu xiulian , vice president of the all - china women 's federation , said : president jiang zemin 's important speech has an important significance in practice .
after restoring sovereignty over hong kong , the chinese government once again successfully restored sovereignty over macao in the just - passed $number in line with the principle of " one country , two systems " put forward by comrade deng xiaoping , thus erecting another new milestone in the process of accomplishing the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the successful practice of the principle of " one country , two systems " in the hong kong and macao special administrative regions has won heartfelt support from the large numbers of hong kong and macao compatriots .
the principle of " one country , two systems " has been understood and accepted by more and more people .
today when we have entered the new century , settling the taiwan issue and ultimately accomplishing the sacred mission of the reunification of the motherland have emerged prominently in front of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
the all - china women 's federation will continue to expand the exchanges and contacts with taiwan women and play its due role in achieving peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait at an early date and opposing the splittist forces in taiwan .
bayinqolu , executive secretary of the secretariat of the cyl central committee and chairman of the all - china youth federation , said : youths are future masters of the two sides of the strait . promoting the development of cross - strait relations and achieving the complete reunification of the motherland constitute a sacred responsibility for the youths on both sides of the strait .
history has proven and will continue to prove that only with the reunification of the motherland can the nation be revitalized comprehensively , and only with national unity can a more brilliant tomorrow be created .
bayinqolu said that in the new century , youths on both sides of the strait should cooperate and work hard together to attain the magnificent goal of the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
at the moment when we say goodbye to the old year and usher in the new year , the all - china federation of trade unions , the cyl central committee , and the all - china women 's federation extended spring festival greetings to the large numbers of laborers , youths , and women in taiwan .
what they regret , however , is that cross - strait ties have developed in tortuous fashion over the past five years .
on the one hand , impelled by the basic guideline of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " and the various policies of the motherland 's government , and with the support of the taiwan compatriots living on the island , there has been great development in exchanges and cooperation and in the " three links " ; taiwan compatriots have already invested a certain amount in the mainland , and the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland has been effectively promoted ; on the other hand , the good development of cross - strait ties has been seriously hampered due to vigorous interference by separatist elements in taiwan and foreign anti - china forces .
chen zhengtong said that taking a general look at the situation on taiwan in recent years , the separatist forces have caused a temporary clamor , and separatist activities have become more and more intense ; they do not stop at shouting about " joining the united nations " and " opening up a space for international existence , " but have stepped up their activities to weaken the taiwan compatriots ' awareness of the chinese nation .
in particular , on $date last year li teng - hui openly dished up the " two - state theory " ; his actions have naturally been greeted with strong indignation and concerted condemnation by all patriotic compatriots at home and abroad ; nor have they gained international response and support .
following the reversion of hong kong and taiwan to the motherland , the issue of settling the taiwan problem is conspicuously facing the entire chinese people .
chen zhengtong said that the taiwan people have a glorious patriotic tradition ; their aspirations to keep their way of life unchanged and to be masters in their own house are fully understood and respected by the cpc and the chinese people 's government .
he believes that taiwan 's future lies in the motherland 's reunification , and the perverse behavior of " taiwan independence " elements can only cause tension in the strait and also threatens peace and security in the asia - pacific region ; the taiwan compatriots and peace - loving people the world over do not want to see this .
this is because there is only one china , and taiwan is part of chinese territory ; this is undeniable fact , and no force can change in any way taiwan 's status as a part of chinese territory .
as a taiwan compatriot , he expressed resolute support for president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal on taiwan .
he greatly appreciated president jiang zemin 's remarks in the proposals on " strive to achieve peaceful reunification , chinese should not fight chinese . "
he believes that the taiwan problem is a matter left over from the chinese civil war , but no chinese wants another bloody war like that , and the taiwan compatriots on the mainland and their relatives in taiwan do not want it either .
the taiwan people can only achieve happiness through reunification ; and only through reunification can the taiwan compatriots , together with the people of all nationalities in china , truly share in the international dignity and honor of the great motherland .
people on both sides of the strait entertain ardent hopes .
he expressed belief that so long as people act in accordance with the demands of president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , wage ceaseless struggle against separatist elements inside and outside taiwan , and actively promote the development of cross - strait ties , the motherland 's complete reunification and the all - round rejuvenation of the chinese nation can certainly be achieved .
the largest newspaper in macao " ao men jih pao ( macao daily ) " released a commentary today , slashing the us house of representatives ' passage of " taiwan security enhancement act " bill .
the commentary said , the crucial point of the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act " was to deny what was stipulated in the " $date " joint communique , which says that the united states should reduce and in the end halt arms sales to taiwan .
this was to pave the way for the united states to provide advanced weapons to taiwan , and include taiwan in the tmd [ theater missile defense ] the commentary said that the united states ignored the consequences and incorporated the security of other countrys under its own law .
this is naked hegimonism and power politics , and an obvious violation against the three sino - us communiques . the attempts of anti - china politicians to obstruct china 's great cause of reunification by wantonly interfering in china 's internal affairs and backing up the splittist forces of " taiwan independence " is clearly disclosed .
the commentary held that if the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill is enacted into law , not only will sino - us relations be devastatingly damaged , but also the arrogance of the taiwan splittist forces will be inflated . the tension in the taiwan strait will be intensified and the peace and stability of the asian - pacific region gravely threatened .
the commentary urged the us government to keep their promises of not letting the bill be enacted into law , which would bring endless troubles .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - the latest edition of zhonghua yingcai , a bimonthly , has published the chinese new year messages of ten chinese ministers , including tang jiaxuan , minister of foreign affairs ; zeng peiyan , minister in charge of the state development and planning commission ; gao changli , minister of justice ; and sun jiazheng , minister of culture .
tang jiaxuan notes in his message : china and the world need each other in their development .
to create a lasting peaceful and stable international and surrounding environment for china 's reform , opening up and modernization drive , china will continue to carry out reform and open up to the outside world , continue to develop friendly and cooperative relations with all countries in the world on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , earnestly strengthen unity and cooperation with developing countries , continue to consolidate friendship with neighbors , strive to maintain the framework of relatively stable relations with big powers , and improve and develop relations with developed countries in the west .
tang jiaxuan says china will take an active part in multilateral diplomatic activities of international organizations , firmly safeguard the objectives and principles in the un charter and universally - acknowledged norms governing international relations , and work hard with all peace - loving countries and peoples in the world in pushing for the construction of a just and rational international political and economic new order so as to play our part in building a peaceful , safe , prosperous , and stable new world .
zeng peiyan says : looking ahead , china will , by the middle of the next century , have attained its $number - step strategic objective and become an affluent , powerful , democratic , and civil socialist modern country and the chinese nation will have achieved its great revitalization !
it will come up with grand projects and accomplish them , and it will act as a good advisor and assistant to the cpc central committee and the state council .
its current priorities include studying how to expand internal demand and speed up restructuring ; studying key issues concerning medium - and long - range development on the basis of the plan of the $number national party congress ; studying the strategic issue of developing western china in a big way ; and studying the new situations china confronts while opening up to the outside and coming up with countermeasures .
gao changli says in his message : judicial bodies have special responsibilities to bear while undertaking the great task of managing the country by law .
while doing our jobs , we must continue to heighten the nation 's concept of the legal system and the law and accomplish all other relevant projects . we must do a good job in managing our prisons , educating inmates through labor , and ensuring the safety of our prisons so that our performance in reforming convicts and law - breakers will continue to be among the best in the world . we will continue to reform and develop our legal services for grass - roots units , including lawyer and notarization services .
sun jiazheng says : $date , china 's cultural exchanges with foreign countries will continue to expand , and we will continue to upgrade our cultural exchange programs and improve their quality .
we will make earnest efforts to organize the many large cultural exchange programs , such as the " great get - together of the century , " $number shanghai international art festival , and $number china art festival .
other ministers who have had their new year messages published in the bimonthly are zhang weiqing , minister in charge of the state family planning commission ; li jinhua , auditor general of the auditing administration ; wang shucheng , minister of water resources ; fu zhihuan , minister of railways ; huang zhendong , minister of communications ; and doje cering , minister of civil affairs . ,
beijing , $date ( zhongguo xinwen she ) - - today china announced last year 's results of the crackdown on smuggling and declared that large - scale smuggling has been more or less brought under control .
however , reality warns us that we must not relax our effort to crack down on smuggling in the slightest and must keep up the high pressure and strictly guard against a resurgence of smuggling . as top - echelon chinese leaders put it , " there is no such thing as final victory in the battle against smuggling . "
last year , china cracked $number cases of smuggling and trafficking in smuggled goods , worth $number yuan .
the public and the business community have truly felt that the government is cracking down on smuggling with unprecedented determination and forcefulness .
there are four main reasons why the antismuggling campaign has produced marked results since the national work conference on cracking down on smuggling in $number half of $number . - - top - echelon chinese leaders have attached great importance to this campaign and have made plans for antismuggling operations from a political perspective . zhu rongji , luo gan , wu yi , and others have inspected antismuggling work on many occasions and the central authorities have directly instructed the handling of a batch of big and important cases , including the one in zhanjiang .
- - the army , the police force , political - judicial organs , and party and government organs have stopped their involvement in business and in the running of enterprises , depriving some smugglers of their protection and shelter ; the effort against corruption has been intensified , echoing the antismuggling campaign .
the general administration of customs alone has investigated and handled $number officials at the level of provincial department head or equivalent and $number officials at the level of provincial section head or equivalent who have violated discipline and law .
- - measures for comprehensive improvement have been implemented and powerful joint forces have developed in the antismuggling campaign .
over $number enterprises that conducted import and export business in violation of laws and regulations have been penalized and the networking of computers among relevant departments has plugged the loopholes that smugglers would otherwise have taken advantage of .
- - the law enforcement departments have continually conducted large - scale specialized antismuggling operations by focusing on key areas , key channels , and key commodities and kept up the high pressure on smuggling .
as the smugglers itch for action , the antismuggling forces must not allow themselves " a breathing spell . "
the key commodities that the crackdown will be directed to are still the above - mentioned " two types of materials , " " two types of oil , " " two types of motorized vehicles , " cigarettes , electronic products , paper , mechanical and electrical plants , and so on .
it is necessary to strengthen the exchange of administrative assistance with the hong kong and macao customs authorities ; conduct specialized joint operations against smuggling at appropriate times ; reinforce and improve the " national import and export customs declaration verification system " and accelerate the construction of the " port electronic law enforcement system ; " implement the system whereby the departments in charge of specific industries are responsible for antismuggling results ; continue to clean up and rectify the ports in $number category and strengthen control of small transport ships that go to and from hong kong and macao .
the responsible persons at customs emphasized that it is necessary to administer customs strictly and resolutely purge each and every " borer " discovered with no leniency whatsoever .
an effort should be made to significantly strengthen the leadership groups at various levels in the customs sector , significantly raise the quality of the cadre contingent , markedly improve their conduct and discipline , and effectively check the phenomena of corruption in law enforcement within the next two years .
on the eve of the spring festival of $number , jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , president of china , and chairman of the central military commission , wrote a spring festival greeting message , via the spring festival soiree broadcast by the central television station , to extend spring festival greetings to people of all nationalities throughout the country , chinese living abroad , and overseas chinese .
his message reads : on the occasion of the joyous spring festival , i wish the motherland to be prosperous , wealthy , and strong , and the people happy and healthy .
[ fbis translated text ] beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee and the central economic work conference , which was held soon after the plenary session , proposed that the state set about implementing the strategy for the massive development of the western region .
the development of the western region will meet tremendous obstacles if the problem of the resources of human talents is not solved .
now a task of top priority is to quickly build a mighty contingent of qualified personnel of various types who can meet the strategic needs of the massive development of the western region as well as a contingent of high - quality cadres .
to build a mighty contingent of qualified personnel of various types , it is necessary , above all , for the central authorities to make overall planning , to coordinate efforts to solve problems , and to rationally adjust the distribution and structure of qualified personnel , including the regional structure of quality personnel .
in recent years , the organization department of the cpc central committee , the ministry of science and technology , the state ethnic affairs commission , and other central organs , as well as relevant government departments , have formulated a series of preferential policies and measures concerning the transfer of qualified personnel to the western region and the training of minority nationality cadres .
in coordination with relevant departments , the organization department of the cpc central committee is studying and making strategic planning for qualified personnel for the massive development of the western region , strengthening the backbone of the party and government leadership , and assigning high - standard professional personnel to the region through various channels .
it is believed that with the further implementation of the strategy for the massive development of the western region , there will be certainly more and more qualified personnel swarming to that region , injecting fresh blood into the region 's contingent of qualified personnel .
party organizations at various levels in the western region should seize the day , seize the hour ; with a sense of historic urgency and responsibility , they should speed up the selection , training , or education of qualified personnel .
centering on the strategic objectives of the massive development of the western region , they should accelerate the reform of the personnel system relating to cadres and strive to create an employment environment in which talent will find its way to distinction , and human resources will be turned to the best account ; they should arouse the initiative of qualified personnel to the maximum .
now it is particularly necessary to further adopt new ideas , to widen the field of vision , to select local young qualified personnel with a potential for development and a prospect for training , and to strengthen leading bodies at various levels by assigning them to such bodies in order to fully tap the local potential in human resources .
by carrying out those measures , we should vigorously improve the age , educational , and professional structures of leading bodies at various levels in order to increase their vitality .
while continuing to do a good job in selecting and sending cadres to xinjiang and tibet , we should step up our efforts to train young cadres of various types to meet the needs of the development of the western region .
we should effectively strengthen the building of the contingent of minority nationality cadres in order to adapt ourselves to the new situation .
we should make feasible plans for the training of qualified personnel and increase the investment in the development of science , technology , culture , and education ; we should effectively implement a training responsibility system and adopt a measure for combining " sending one out and then asking him in " with " sending one to work at a lower level with his original position retained for him at a higher level ; " we should select young cadres for systematic training or education at party and cadres schools at various levels or at colleges and universities in a planned way , by stages , and in groups .
experts and scholars from institutions of higher learning and managerial personnel from economically developed areas should be invited to conduct scientific and technological training classes or give lectures to impart knowledge of advanced science and technology and of modern management to cadres .
we should select in a planned way a number of outstanding young cadres for tempering themselves at central state organs or in economically developed areas with their original positions retained for them , in order to help them widen their field of vision , adopt new ideas , and increase their abilities .
to meet the socialist market economy 's requirements for the allocation of qualified personnel , party organizations at various levels in the western region should quickly develop a standard personnel market .
in the past , as a result of rapid economic development and preferential policy on personnel in the eastern region , some qualified personnel in the western region went there to work .
now the western region should firmly seize the good opportunity for massive development , formulate a preferential policy , improve working conditions , and step up its efforts to bring in and use qualified personnel ; not only should it fully develop and utilize its own human resources but it should be able to retain qualified personnel and use them creatively ; moreover , it should make positive efforts to attract a large number of qualified personnel from developed areas and even from abroad to work for the massive development of the western region .
seizing the opportunity for common development with the western region , the eastern region should formulate concrete measures to actively train and provide qualified personnel for the western region ; it should encourage local outstanding personnel to seek new development in the western region and practically assist the latter in solving problems of want of human resources , instability of the cadre ranks , and an irrational cadre structure and distribution so as to promote the economic and social development of the western region together .
with the step - by - step implementation of the strategy for the massive development of the western region , it is necessary to effectively strengthen the education and management of cadres and to step up the improvement of the party 's work style and the building of a clean and honest administration .
party organizations at various levels must proceed from their concern and care for the cadres , make hay while the sun shines , strictly enforce various rules and regulations , strengthen the supervision and management of human , financial , and material resources , and prevent any problems of corruption among the cadres .
they should conscientiously implement democratic centralism ; major matters concerning the selection of projects , public bidding , and spending of a large amount of money must be discussed and decided collectively , which must not determined by a few personnel , so as to prevent the phenomenon of striking deals between power and money . it is necessary to establish and improve a financial management system and use special funds for special purposes only ; to establish and improve a democratic supervision system , make government and financial affairs known to the public , and increase the transparency of funds management ; and to establish and improve an economic auditing system and urge cadres to accurately use their power and to be clean and honest through the auditing of leading cadres ' economic responsibility during their terms of office and at their departure from their posts .
efforts should be made to resolutely eliminate the corrupt phenomenon of spending public funds for wining , dining , and pleasure - seeking and to crack down on economic crimes of embezzling state development funds according to law , such as misappropriating public funds , embezzling public property , and striking deals between money and power .
the massive development of the western region will benefit future generations , and it has a bearing on the great cause of revitalizing the chinese nation in an all - round way . it will take longer - term , arduous efforts to accomplish the undertaking of massive development of the western region .
we are firmly convinced that under the leadership of the cpc , with the support of the people across the country , and giving full play to the superiority of the socialist system , the cadres and people in the western region will certainly be able to use their wisdom and exert themselves to build a prosperous homeland with social progress , a stable life , national unity , and beautiful rivers and mountains .
guangzhou military region is using test beds as the vanguard to lead its advance . it is using its focus on difficult points and attacking key problems to promote all - around progress . it is gradually making s & t training for troops standardized and scientific , and it has seen clear improvements in the quality of unit military training and in the level of combat power of its units .
how can s & t training for troops be made scientific ?
guangzhou military region guided its officers and soldiers in adopting a concept of scientific training based on the demands of actual combat as the impetus , talented people as the foundation , s & t as the guide , the masses as the main body , and standardized execution of training .
these trainers employ new knowledge , new skills , new methods , and new measures as they execute $number outstanding training subjects .
the military region also unified and standardized training content , methods , evaluation , etc. , and put a great deal of effort into implementing evaluation of military training levels , strengthening quality control of s & t training for troops , and overcoming the practice of doing what one pleases in training .
on a foundation of extensive development of s & t training for troops , the military region in an organized way guided units to be active in probing for , researching , and discussing the demands of local war under high - tech conditions , the effect of the development of the socialist market economy on the driving force of training of officers and soldiers , what difficulties remained in training itself , and other issues , and to find corresponding countermeasures and methods .
guangzhou military region also concentrated on the missions of a theater of operations , and created a series of military theories , combat methods , and training methods characteristic of a theater of operations , and put these to the test in military exercises .
shanghai , $date (zxs) - - at $number shanghai international industrial fair held at the end of last year , results of development in the fields of high technology , electronic information , electrical equipment , biomedicine , and new materials vividly revealed the new face of shanghai 's modern industrial sector .
the deeper significance of this exposition lay in demonstrating that if china treats seriously the policy direction favoring technological innovation , proactive adjustment structures , and development of high - tech industry , this will not only revitalize the old industrial base , but also will promote the overall improvement and upgrading of the nation 's economic structures and enhance china 's economic strength .
the revolution in science and technology that took place in the world economy at the end of $number century , comprised of information technology , biomedicine , new materials , new energy , and aerospace technology , brought with it an inherent tendency toward accelerated development .
the high - tech industrial groups that grew out of this have gradually become the most important sources of economic growth for every nation .
against this background , if china is to be incorporated into the world economy , it is essential that we accelerate the development of high - tech industry , enhance the overall national strength , and improve this industry 's standing in terms of the international division of labor .
in the course of $number years of development under the reform and opening up policies , china 's economy has undergone a historic change .
in $date , following the great agricultural development that occurred between $date and early $date , and the rapid development during the $date of light industries such as textiles and home appliances , as well as the tertiary industries , and with all the accelerated developments in infrastructure and basic industries that were seen $date , countless problems have gradually seen their solution in china .
in particular , china has formulated a great many policies and measures to promote the development of high - tech industry , such that today this industry has considerable scope and a well - established foundation .
there are $number high - tech enterprises in china , and $number national high - tech development zones have been established .
in manufacturing , a host of industries subject to intellectual property rights and enjoying competitive advantage are currently taking shape . their domestic market share is gradually expanding , and they are also opening up space on the international market .
however , we still have a situation where drastic surplus of low added - value , low - tech products coincides with insufficient effective demand for high - tech products , and the resulting structural conflicts are very conspicuous .
only by accelerating the development of high technology and its related industries will we activate the qualitative leap in industrial structures and technological standards and capacities that will transform china $date from a great industrialized nation into an industrial power .
our reporter has learned from relevant sources within the china state planning commission that development of china 's high - tech industry will proceed in conformity with promoting economic and social development and stimulating structural adjustments and upgrading . currently , three main responsibilities have been identified : - - to accelerate the coordinated development of the information industry .
in $date , beginning from $date , china 's information industry has consistently shown an annual growth rate of $number percent , and this makes it one of the most rapidly developing sectors of the national economy .
within the next ten years , computers , electronic communications , software , and display technologies will all see significant breakthroughs , and the trend toward digitization , network - based information , and intelligent capability is already irreversible .
it is for this reason that the market outlook for the information industry in china is so optimistic . it is estimated that by the year $number this industry 's market capacity will reach $number rmb .
clearly , development of the information industry will become one of the important forces driving economic development in the new century .
- - to speed up the industrialization of high technology , and promote the maturation of newly - emerging industries .
after several decades of construction , china now certainly enjoys many of the conditions that favor accelerated development of high - tech industry , such as an adequate pool of human resources , and the requisite industrial base , technology reserves , market conditions , and funds penetration .
for this reason we are selecting those key areas or key links that have favorable prospects , where the degree of industrial linkage will be significant , and which can drive the entire mechanism for critical breakthroughs , and through these we will vigorously strive to realize a leap in high - tech development .
- - to strengthen the assimilation of traditional industry to high technology , and promote the improvement and upgrading of traditional industry .
traditional industry still has very weak technological foundations , but while it is hard pressed to adapt itself to the intensity of international competition , it does still control the development of the future .
therefore , promoting the improvement and upgrading of traditional industry is one of the most important responsibilities connected with developing high - tech industry in china .
at the same time , traditional industry also offers high - tech industries a very broad market in which to expand .
this type of interdependence and mutual stimulus would be difficult to ignore .
currently , relevant organs are in process of studying and formulating development planning for high - tech industry in accordance with the overall strategy for national economic and social development . experts from relevant local governments and departments , from the science and technology sector , and from the field of economics are invited to study the important issues in connection with the early planning phase together ; and to investigate and discuss the thinking behind this planning as it is being formulated .
at the same time , the chinese government will : establish a legal environment favorable to the development of high - tech industry , through a series of policies and regulations ; we will create a series of technological initiatives centered around particular enterprises ; we will foster a system of investment and financing that will be in keeping with the developmental characteristics of the high - tech industrial sector itself ; and we will strengthen the implementation of strategies for development of high - tech industry that will " place people at the center , " and so forth .
hong kong , $date (xna) - - people living in the chung uk village of lam tsuen in tai po in the new territories today had an unexpected $number day of the lunar new year , the year of the dragon .
just like before , $number villagers gathered at the square in front of the ancestral hall of the chung family to have mass greetings .
when everyone was concentrating on watching the performance of a dragon and lion dance , tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , and his wife tung chiu hung - ping came to wish them a happy new year .
the unexpected visit of the chief executive and his wife gave chung uk village 's villagers a pleasant surprise .
tung chee - hwa and his wife conveyed new year greetings to villagers one by one , and gave out chocolate coins as well as lively mini paper dragons , wishing them a smooth - going dragon year and the vigor of a dragon and a tiger .
accompanied by the villagers ' representative , tung chee - hwa and his wife looked over the ancestral hall of the chung family .
then , tung chee - hwa and his wife visited one indigenous family of the village .
the master of the house is $number - year - old chung chi - chien , a retired public servant . he has three sons , one daughter , and three grandsons .
in $number day of every lunar new year , they all came back to the village to have a gathering and wish their parents and elder members of the family a happy new year .
tung chee - hwa and his wife conveyed new year 's greeting to the whole family . the family greeted the chief executive and his wife , and treated them to home - made festival food .
lam tsuen has enjoyed a long history . the ancestors of the villagers relocated here in the late years of song dynasty , which was $number years ago .
chung uk village is a small village in lam tsuen , with $number residents .
shelley lau , director of home affairs , and other people accompanied tung chee - hwa and his wife to visit the chung - uk village .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the china development bank has adopted effective measures to actively ward off and resolve financial risks .
reportedly , this bank has instituted the responsibility system for development , acceptance , appraisal , auditing , and decision of projects to set up a " fire wall " between the appraisal of loans and the auditing and decision of loans , thus defining the risk - bearing responsibilities of the departments in charge of general affairs , evaluation , credit , auditing , appraisal , and asset maintenance . at the same time , the bank has intensified the evaluation of the project market risks and financial risks , established the customer credit rating system , and seriously executed the payment settlement system of the people 's bank of china to ensure the giro of funds and ward off settlement risks .
in terms of internal auditing work , this bank has conducted the real - time supervisory control and the non - spot auditing and supervisory control over all of its fund movement , credit items , and internal control in line with the demand of controlling " all fields and all processes . "
as a major effort to prevent financial risks , the bank has also strengthened the separation of bad assets . last year alone , the bank separated $number yuan of bad assets and signed $number framework agreements on conversion of loans into equity , with the sum of converted loans reaching $number yuan in renminbi .
moscow , $date ( xinhua ) - - the russian federation security council , chaired by acting prime minister putin , recently approved the draft of a new military doctrine .
the new doctrine stresses that when russia itself and its allies suffer aggression , and a war aimed at destroying russia cannot be stopped by conventional weapons , russia has the right to use nuclear weapons .
this shows that russia will be $number to launch a nuclear attack , when it believes it necessary .
the new military doctrine also lays down that the armed forces can be used to strike at illegal armed forces and crime within russia and to preserve the state constitution and social stability .
according to the new military doctrine , russia can counterattack with nuclear weapons even if the enemy attacks russia and its allies with non - nuclear weapons , but they will never use nuclear weapons against other countries if russia and its allies are not subject to external aggression .
the russian military emphasizes that the new military doctrine gives russia the right to take the initiative in launching a nuclear strike against the enemy .
the doctrine formulated $date had laid down that russia could only use nuclear weapons in response to a nuclear attack .
at the same time the new russian military doctrine has conferred on the russian armed forces the functions of defending the state constitution , and striking at the illegal activities of extremist organizations , organized crime , and terrorism ; the original military doctrine laid down that such tasks should be undertaken by interior ministry troops .
the background to russia 's formulation of its new military doctrine is the dramatic changes in the internal and external situation in recent years and the ever - growing external threat that russia faces .
in $date , nato set in motion its chariot of eastward expansion by formally accepting poland , hungary , and the czech republic as new members .
the three baltic states and certain mideast countries are also eager to try to join nato at an early date .
nato 's eastward expansion posed a direct threat to russian security interests .
after that , ignoring the opposition of many countries , including russia , and without un authorization , us - led nato wantonly waged a $number - day large - scale air war against the yugoslav federation .
acting russian prime minister putin specifically pointed out at the recent russian federation security council meeting that the new military doctrine is " a reply to nato . "
this means that russia now regards us - led nato as its " no . $number imaginary enemy . "
yeshin , director of the military construction bureau of the council , said that due to its economic difficulties and shortage of military funds , russia cannot fight a conventional war with nato for the foreseeable future .
in order to be respected by others , it is essential to maintain nuclear potential and regard nuclear weapons as " political instruments for curbing the enemy . "
internally , the separatist activities of the illegal chechen militia threaten regional security and the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the russian federation .
all kinds of gang crimes have become a major factor affecting social stability and economic growth .
military experts point out that unless the russian authorities send in their armed forces , it is hardly imaginable that victory could be won in the chechen war .
hence , the military doctrine by which the russian armed forces were only used to deal with external aggression no longer suits today 's reality .
military analysts here believe that the new russian military doctrine is an expansion and extension in the military sphere of the " russian security concept " which was adopted in $date , and is also a " war warning . "
nato will think thrice about taking major military action again that threatens russia and its allies .
nuclear arms will play a still greater deterrent role as the " trump cards " preserving russia 's great power status and vital interests .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - people 's republic of china [ prc ] management regulations for the renminbi chapter i general rules article $number in order to strengthen management over the renminbi , safeguard the reputation of the renminbi , stabilize the financial order , these regulations have been formulated based on the " prc people 's bank of china law . "
article $number the renminbi stated in these regulations refers to the currency issued in accordance with law by the people 's bank of china , including banknotes and coins .
it is necessary to observe these regulations when engaging in such activities as design , printing , issuance , circulation , and recovery of renminbi .
article $number the legal currency of the prc is the renminbi .
all units and individuals should not reject any payments of public or personal debts with the renminbi within the boundary of the prc .
article $number the unit of the renminbi is the yuan , and the fractional currencies of the renminbi are the jiao and the fen .
one yuan equals $number jiao , and one jiao equals $number fen .
the renminbi is paid by denomination .
article $number the people 's bank of china is the state organ in charge of the management of the renminbi , and responsible for the organization and implementation of these regulations .
article $number all units and individuals should take good care of the renminbi , and be prohibited from damaging the renminbi or obstructing the circulation of the renminbi .
chapter ii design and printing article $number the new version of the renminbi was organized and designed by the people 's bank of china , and submitted to the state council for approval .
article $number the renminbi is printed by the exclusive enterprise designated by the people 's bank of china .
article $number the enterprise designated to print the renminbi should print the renminbi in accordance with the renminbi quality standard and the printing plan formulated by the people 's bank of china .
article $number the enterprise designated to print the renminbi should turn all the up - to - standard renminbi products over to the renminbi issuance treasury of the people 's bank of china , and destroy in accordance with the regulations of the people 's bank of china all of the renminbi products that are not up to standard .
article $number the original version and the grand master pattern used in printing the renminbi should be sealed up for safekeeping by the people 's bank of china after use .
article $number such important items as the particular material , technology , workmanship , and special equipment for printing the renminbi are state secrets .
the enterprise for printing the renminbi and relevant personnel should guard state secrets . all units and individuals must not provide the information to outsiders without approvals from the people 's bank of china .
article $number without approvals from the people 's bank of china , units and individuals must not develop , imitate , import , sell , purchase , or use the specific anti - counterfeit material , anti - counterfeit technology , anti - counterfeit workmanship , and special equipment used in printing the renminbi .
article $number the renminbi prototype is the standard sample for inspecting the printing quality of the renminbi and discerning the false from the genuine renminbi , and is printed in accordance with the regulations of the people 's bank of china by the enterprise that prints the renminbi .
the word " prototype " should be printed on the renminbi prototype .
chapter iii issuance and recovery article $number the renminbi is issued uniformly by the people 's bank of china .
article $number when the people 's bank of china issues a new version of the renminbi , it is necessary to report to the state council for approval .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , design , pattern , specifications , dominant hue , and major features of the new version of the renminbi .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions with the new version of the renminbi before a public announcement on the issuance of the new version of the renminbi is made .
article $number reasons such as anti - counterfeit or others which entail a change to the printing material , technology or workmanship , the people 's bank of china should be the basis for the decision .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , and major features of the corrected renminbi .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions with the corrected renminbi before a public announcement on the issuance of the corrected renminbi is made .
article $number the people 's bank of china may issue commemorative currencies according to need .
commemorative currencies are the renminbi of limited issuance and with specific themes , including ordinary commemorative currencies and precious - metal commemorative currencies .
article $number the theme , denomination , design , material quality , pattern , specifications , and volume and time of issuance of commemorative currencies should be decided by the people 's bank of china . however , for the commemorative currencies that have significant political and historical themes , it is necessary to report to the state council for approval .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the theme , denomination , design , material quality , pattern , specifications , volume , and time of issuance of commemorative currencies .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions with commemorative currencies before a public announcement on the issuance of the commemorative currencies is made .
article $number the people 's bank of china sets up the renminbi issuance treasury and branch treasuries in its branch institutions to be in charge of the safekeeping of the renminbi issuance funds .
the positions of directors of the renminbi issuance treasuries at various levels are assumed by the governors of the branches of the people 's bank of china at the same levels .
the renminbi issuance funds are the renminbi that have not entered into circulation and kept by the renminbi issuance treasury of the people 's bank of china .
the allocation of the renminbi issuance funds should be processed in accordance with the regulations of the people 's bank of china .
units and individuals are not allowed to violate regulations to draw on the renminbi issuance funds , nor are they allowed to disturb or obstruct allocation of the renminbi issuance funds .
article $number circulation suspension of any specific version of the renminbi should be reported to the state council for approval , and announced to the public by the people 's bank of china .
the financial institutions that handle the business of renminbi deposit and withdrawal should buy and exchange the renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and hand the renminbi over to the local branches of the people 's bank of china for reserve .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and financial institutions must not use renminbi that are no longer in circulation for external payments .
article $number the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should exchange , according to the regulations of the people 's bank of china , with the public renminbi that are flawed or stained without asking for compensation , pick out and hand over renminbi that are flawed or stained to the local branches of the people 's bank of china for reserve .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions renminbi that are flawed or stained , and financial institutions must not use flawed or stained renminbi for external payments .
article $number renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and are flawed or stained , should be recovered and destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
specific procedures should be formulated by the people 's bank of china .
chapter iv circulation and protection article $number the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should handle the business of regulating various renminbi bills based on the principle of reasonable requirements .
article $number illegal purchases and sales of renminbi that are in circulation are prohibited .
purchases and sales of commemorative currencies should follow the relevant regulations of the people 's bank of china .
article $number an approval from the people 's bank of china is required for binding and operation of renminbi that are in circulation .
article $number the following behavior which damages the renminbi shall be banned : $number , deliberately damaging the renminbi ; $number , making , copying , and purchasing and selling of the renminbi design ; $number , using the renminbi design on propaganda material , publications , or other commodities without approvals from the people 's bank of china ; $number , other behavior that damages the renminbi as regulated by the people 's bank of china .
the renminbi design stated in the previous clauses includes enlarged and miniaturized renminbi designs and the renminbi designs of the original size .
article $number the renminbi prototype is banned from circulation .
the renminbi prototype management procedures are regulated by the people 's bank of china .
article $number it is necessary to implement the quota management system for bringing the renminbi in and out of the country when chinese citizens or foreigners enter and exit the country . the specific quota is regulated by the people 's bank of china .
article $number forgery and alteration of the renminbi are prohibited .
sales and purchases of forged or altered renminbi are prohibited .
smuggling , transportation , possession , and use of forged or altered renminbi are prohibited .
article $number units or individuals that possess forged or altered renminbi should turn them over promptly to the people 's bank of china , public security organs , or the financial institutions that handle the renminbi deposit and withdrawal business . it is necessary to report to the public security organs immediately upon discovering others possessing forged or altered renminbi .
article $number the people 's bank of china and public security organs should confiscate the discovered forged or altered renminbi , stamp on the renminbi the words " counterfeit currency , " and register to keep a record . the possessors who have objections to the truth or falsehood of the confiscated renminbi can apply to the people 's bank of china for verification .
the public security organ should hand over all the confiscated forged or altered renminbi to the local branches of the people 's bank of china .
the people 's bank of china formulates the specific procedures on the confiscation and verification of forged or altered renminbi .
the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should hand over all the confiscated forged or altered renminbi to the local branches of the people 's bank of china .
article $number the people 's bank of china and the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china should provide the service of verifying the truth and falsehood of the renminbi without asking for compensation .
if verified to be genuine currencies , the renminbi stamped with the words of " counterfeit currency " should be exchanged on denomination by the people 's bank of china or the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china . if verified to be forged money , the branded counterfeit renminbi should be confiscated by the people 's bank of china or the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china .
the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china should hand over all the confiscated forged or altered renminbi to the local branches of the people 's bank of china .
article $number the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should adopt effective measures to guard against the use of forged or altered renminbi for external payments .
the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should provide on the business sites the service of verifying the truth and falsehood of the renminbi without asking for compensation .
article $number the forged or altered renminbi should be uniformly destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
article $number the anti - counterfeit instrument for verifying the renminbi should be produced by the standard regulated by the state .
the national standard of the anti - counterfeit instrument for verifying the renminbi is formulated by the people 's bank of china and relevant departments , which provide assistance to organizations for implementation of the standard .
article $number the renminbi with one of the following conditions should not be put in circulation : $number , flawed or stained renminbi which cannot be exchanged ; $number , the renminbi that are no longer in circulation .
article $number those that violate article $number of these regulations should be given a warning by industrial and commercial administration organs and other organs of administrative law enforcement . their illicit gains and illegal properties should be confiscated , and a fine equivalent to between one and three times the illicit gains should be imposed . those that do not obtain profits illegally will be fined between $number and $number yuan .
article $number if violating article $number , clauses $number or $number , and article $number of these regulations , the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal will be given a warning by the people 's bank of china , and be fined between $number and $number yuan . in accordance with law , disciplinary measures should be taken against the people directly in charge and the personnel indirectly in charge .
article $number those who deliberately destroy the renminbi should be given a warning by the public security organs , and imposed with a fine of less than $number yuan .
article $number those that violate articles $number , $number , and article $number , clause $number , items $number and $number should be given a warning by the industrial and commercial administration organs and other relevant administrative law enforcement organs . their illicit gains and illegal properties should be confiscated , and a fine equivalent to between one and three times the illicit gains should be imposed . those that do not obtain profits illegally should be fined between $number and $number yuan .
the industrial and commercial administration organs and other relevant administrative law enforcement organs should destroy the renminbi design used illegally .
article $number if violating articles $number , $number , and $number of these regulations , the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal and the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china should be given a warning by the people 's bank of china , and fined between $number and $number yuan .
article $number if the people 's bank of china , public security organs , industrial and commercial administration organs , and employees of these organizations violate stipulations of these regulations , the people directly in charge and other personnel indirectly in charge will be given administrative penalties in accordance with law .
article $number those who violate article $number , clause $number , and article $number , clause $number , item $number , and articles $number ad $number should be punished according to relevant stipulations of the " prc people 's bank of china law . " among these , those who violate article $number of these regulations and constitute a crime should be prosecuted for their criminal liabilities in accordance with law .
chapter vi supplementary articles article $number these regulations will go into effect starting from $date .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - as of this morning , the number of people who have visited the six major temple fairs in beijing has reached $number .
jia qinglin , secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and liu qi , mayor of beijing municipality , respectively went to fairs at the ditan temple and the longtan temple , where they extended new year greetings to the people .
at $time in the afternoon , jia qinglin and his wife lin youfang brought their grand daughter to the ditan temple fair . they , together with a large crowd of people , walked into the west gate of the park .
jia qinglin happily shook hands with citizens and said hello to them . he extended his new year greetings to them and wished them happiness and good luck in the year of dragon .
seeing that children were performing peking opera with an excellent style as well as with a loud and clear voice , jia qinglin asked them how old they were .
the young performers answered : nine years old .
jia qinglin told his grand daughter : you are eight years old now . you should learn from these elder brothers and sisters .
yesterday , mayor liu qi , together with $number tourists , visited the $number spring festival temple fair at longtan , where they sent off the year of the rabbit and ushered in the year of the dragon .
liu qi and others viewed the folk art performances presented by people from various localities .
liu qi and others also went into the jinghua restaurant where they enjoyed various beijing - style snacks with beijing residents .
in his speech on the morning of $date at the $number international security policy conference in munich , a city in southern germany , chinese vice foreign minister wang guangya stressed that the taiwan issue is an internal issue of china and therefore china by no means will allow any foreign forces to intervene in it .
wang guangya pointed out : the chinese government will insist on settling the taiwan issue according to the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " and is resolutely opposed to any plots and words and deeds aimed at creating " taiwan independence , " " two china 's , " " one china , one taiwan , " or splitting the country .
he stressed : " either directly or indirectly including the taiwan strait in the security cooperation realm of any countries or a military alliance constitutes a violation of and interference in china 's sovereignty . "
china is opposed to arms sales to taiwan by any countries because " this not only violates the norms of basic international law , but also directly threatens china 's security and regional peace and stability . "
wang guangya reiterated that the chinese government will " resolutely defend china 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , national dignity , and national security . "
wang gguangya also warned of us development of a national missile defense [ nmd ] system , pointing out that this move by the us government will " seriously disrupt the global strategic balance and stability and damage the international security environment , " and that " it is even possible for this to trigger a new round of an arms race . "
on the united nations ' role , wang guangya emphatically expounded the chinese government 's stand that it hopes the united nations will play a more active role in peacefully settling international disputes .
he pointed out : the various norms governing international relations , including the five principles of peaceful coexistence , established after wwii meet the requirements of historical development and progress of times .
these norms , " particularly the principle of sovereignty equality and non - interference in other countries ' internal affairs , are absolutely not outdated " .
he also severely denounced some countries for putting regional organizations above the un security council or even bypassing the un security council to carry out military intervention in a sovereign country , pointing out that such practice has " severely damaged the existing international collective security mechanism , and the consequences are extremely dangerous . "
the two - day international security policy conference closed on $date .
about $number high - level government delegates and experts from $number countries attended the conference .
china , india , and japan sent high - level government delegates for $number time to attend the conference .
hong kong , $date ( xinhua ) - - to celebrate the arrival of the year of the dragon according to the lunar calendar , hong kong held a fireworks show in victoria harbor this evening .
the $number - minute nine - part fireworks show began at $number pm [ $number gmt ] .
countless pictures in a riot of color competing with each other for beauty of looks that were created by $number fireworks fired from four $number - meter - long barges made $number thousand people shout and jump for joy .
tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , presided over the " ceremony to light the auspicious dragon lantern " and watched the fireworks show with hong kong people .
in this year 's new year fireworks show featuring a large number of series of varieties , fireworks of $number varieties in $number series were used .
different parts of the show had different colors and arrangements to create different views .
in one part of the show , fireworks created a picture with the figures " $number " five times in succession . this was $number time that such fireworks were fired in hong kong .
another part of the show where fireworks created a picture of coconut trees was particularly attractive . when the fireworks were fired , coconut trees appeared in the sky ; and after a round of crackling , the coconut trees disappeared . but after $number , countless small coconut trees reappeared in the sky to symbolize continuous reproduction bred in an endless succession .
it was learned from the central commission for discipline inspection that since the convocation of $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection , various provinces , autonomous regions , municipalities directly under the jurisdiction of the central authorities and various departments and ministries of the party central committee and the state have attached great importance to and seriously disseminated , studied , and implemented the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's important speech and the plenary session . in the light of actual conditions , various localities and units have made arrangements for promoting the building of a clean and honest government and fighting against corruption in their respective places and departments .
soon after the conclusion of $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection , party committees of various provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities immediately held standing committee meetings and various departments of the party central committee and ministries of the state also immediately held meetings of their respective party leading groups to seriously transmit the spirit of the plenary meeting and study specific measures to implement the spirit . various units have also held meetings to make arrangements for improving party 's style of work , building a clean and honest government and fighting against corruption this year .
as of the end of $date , $number provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities had already held plenary meetings of discipline inspection commissions , meetings on combating corruption , or meetings on how to improve the party 's style of work and promote the building of a clean and honest government in their respective places . those meetings have disseminated and studied measures to implement the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's important speech and $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection and made arrangements for this year 's tasks of improving the party 's style of work , building a clean and honest government and fighting against corruption .
the remaining provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities will also soon hold meetings to disseminate and implement the spirit of the plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection .
various places and units have laid stress on seriously studying and implementing comrade jiang zemin 's important speech at $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection .
leaders of respective places and units are convinced that general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech has penetratingly analyzed the current situation and existing problems in party building from the strategic level of initiating a great project to improve the party , has incisively explained the great significance and utmost importance of tightening party discipline under the new situation , has put forward demands for tightening party discipline , and has clearly pointed out directions for improving the party 's style of work , promoting the building of a clean and honest government and launching struggles against corruption .
various localities and units have paid attention to implementing the spirit of $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection in the light of actual conditions in their respective places and units .
in sichuan province , the secretary of the provincial party committee and the governor have assumed full responsibility for improving the style of the party , building a clean and honest government , and fighting against corruption . they have divided this year 's anti - corruption work into $number major tasks and $number specific tasks .
in order to implement stipulations on forbidding leaders to help their spouses and dependents gain illegal benefits by taking advantage of their power and positions , the province has decided to grasp the following three measures : $number ) clearly investigating the situation and taking the initiative to correct wrongdoings ; $number ) having party committees and discipline inspection commissions at the higher level strengthen supervision and inspection and lay stress on solving those problems strongly opposed by the masses ; and $number ) having party committees of various cities and prefectures and party leading groups ( or party committees ) of provincial level departments effectively grasp the implementation of regulations by members of various leading groups and cadres at prefecture ( or department ) level .
leaders in guangdong province have attached great importance to seriously investigating and handling cases of violating law and discipline in the financial field in the light of actual conditions . efforts are being made to investigating and entering names of those cadres who have appropriated public funds for use by relatives , friends and individual business operators without returning money for a long time . those who refuse to correct their wrongdoings and cause loss to the state will be given disciplinary punishment or be investigated for their criminal responsibility .
they have attached importance to improving relations between party organizations and the masses and between cadres and the masses so as to promote stability and economic development in rural areas .
leaders of the state administration of radio , film and television have decided to implement the work of maintaining the party 's political discipline in propaganda work and guarantee that the media must continue to provide proper guidance in a solid manner in view of the special characteristics of radio , film and television industries . meanwhile , they have further implemented the principle of " separating revenue from expenditures " and actively strengthened supervision over the government procurement system and the lawful use and management of special funds for the project of " enabling people in all villages to listen radio and watch television broadcasts . "
the results of the new hampshire presidential primaries on $date are in . according to the preliminary figures , u.s. vice president gore got $number percent of the votes , which on top of his victory in the iowa primaries on $date deals another blow to senator bradley , his opponent in the democratic party .
the new hampshire primaries have consolidated gore 's front - runner position and further boosted his strength to win the presidential nomination of the democratic party .
on the republican side , the most explosive news coming out of the new hampshire primaries was the overwhelming victory of arizona senator mccain , who garnered $number percent of the vote . his support far surpassed that of texas governor george walker bush , who won the iowa primary .
bush got $number percent of the vote , placing him $number .
analysts believe that the new hampshire primary means that bush is facing a serious new challenge , and also shows that the struggle for the republican party nomination is getting much hotter .
new hampshire is situated in the northeastern part of the united states , with a population of only $number .
however , this little state occupies a decisive position during the presidential primaries , and not only can it make the next president , it can also bury the political prospects of presidential candidates .
the situation over the past $number years shows that most of those who gain the white house have won in the new hampshire primaries .
former presidents eisenhower , carter , reagan , and bush were all victors in the new hampshire primaries .
gore is the only democratic party presidential candidate in the past $number years who has won in both iowa and new hampshire .
his campaign strategy relies heavily on the economic card , energetically touting the economic achievements since he and clinton took office as well as claiming that only he has the experience and the ability to " maintain america 's prosperity . "
bradley tried to turn the situation around in new hampshire after his resounding defeat in the iowa primary , but was ineffective .
gore said that the new hampshire primary was a " crushing blow " to bradley .
however , bradley has indicated that he will not withdraw from the race , but will rally his forces and challenge gore in the upcoming primaries .
the new hampshire primaries have turned the original five - man race in the republican party into a two - man struggle , with fight for the nomination being primarily between bush and mccain .
mccain did not enter the campaign in iowa , making new hampshire his main battlefield instead .
there he adopted the campaign strategy of " concentrating superior forces , " throwing more time and money into it than any other candidate did and organizing $number voter rallies statewide .
in the polls conducted before the primary , support for mccain exceed that for bush for eight weeks in a row .
mccain hopes the victory in new hampshire will be a springboard to winning the presidential nomination .
during the campaign , bush stated that his large tax cut plan represents the interest of conservative republicans , and that he is the only one with the ability to take back the white house in the presidential election in $date .
he charged that mccain 's tax cut plan was similar to that of clinton 's .
bush indicated that the new jersey primary was only a " stumble on the road to the white house , " and that he was fully confident that he would win the republican presidential nomination .
bush has more in his campaign war chest than any other presidential candidate , and he has also established a nationwide campaign organization , receiving the support of numerous congressmen and party officials . because of this , bush is still in a relatively strong position in the race overall .
mccain has been a congressman for many years . he was in the vietnam war , and spent five and a half years as a prisoner of war .
he believes that , because he has served longer in government than bush and also was in the vietnam war that he is the best choice as a presidential candidate .
mccain advocates a moderate tax cut , saying that the budget surplus should be used to pay off the national debt and for the social security system and medical insurance programs .
he has indicated that he would pursue campaign finance reforms to eliminate money 's influence in politics .
public opinion believes that in new hampshire , independents voters - - who are neither democratic nor republican - - account for as much as $number percent , and this part of the electorate played an important role in mccain 's primary victory .
following new hampshire , gore and bradley will start a new round of competition on $date .
at that time , $number states nationwide will conduct primaries on the same day .
if bradley continues to decline , pressure within the party may force him to withdraw from the race .
prior to the $date primaries , the republican presidential candidates will also confront each other again in delaware , south carolina , arizona , and michigan .
about $number well - known figures in political , economic , and academic circles from $number countries and territories embraced the theme of " new beginning , new ideas " to discuss the future developments and prospects of international politics , economics , and science and technology .
the focus of this annual meeting is no longer on how to resolve the thorny crisis situation ; rather it is to explore the more basic , long - term issues in world economic development .
at the beginning of the new millennium , the participants took advantage of this gathering to explore new ideas and chart a new course for world development in the new century .
in the $number rounds of discussions at this economic forum , the participants discussed such topics as globalization , the development of science and technology , electronic commerce , the internet , genetic and genome technologies , as well as terrorism , nuclear proliferation , poverty , environmental pollution , and corruption .
economic globalization has made the countries around the world increasingly more dependent on one another for economic development .
the united states ' economy has been the engine driving world economic growth in recent years .
to date , that economy has sustained $number months of continuous growth .
in the " new economic " era , when information technology continues to drive economic growth , the united states ' economy continues to have growth potential , but there is also potential danger in their stock market bubble and soaring corporate and personal debt .
for this reason , the participants paid special attention to the prospects of the united states ' economic development , especially whether it can continue to spur world economic growth .
in addition , china 's economy as a growing force to be reckoned with in the global economy is another area that attracted much attention .
at the special symposium on china held on the $number , vice premier wu bangguo delivered a speech entitled " china 's economy gears to the $number century " and introduced to the participants the strategic key points of china 's future economic development , which include the strategic readjustments of the economic structure and the implementation of the strategy to open up the western region and other grand plans .
wu bangguo said china 's development cannot be separated from the rest of the world , and world prosperity also needs china .
upon joining the wto , china will enjoy its rights but will also fulfill its obligations .
in view of the failure of the minister - level wto meeting in seattle , many participants wondered when another round of multilateral trade talks should be launched .
british prime minister tony blair said the international community should learn from the failure of the seattle meeting and let a new round of negotiations bring forth more benefits even sooner .
he proposed forming an " eminent persons group " to make plans for improving the wto 's work method and hoped a tentative program could be worked out by this summer .
at the same time , representatives of the developing countries expressed great concern for the widening gap between the rich and the poor in the electronic age .
jordan 's king abdullah ii said in his speech that today more than half of the world 's population is still subsisting on less than $ $number a day , while the richest one - $number of the world 's population owns $number times the resources of the poorest one - $number .
south africa 's president mbeki said that the information revolution brought by the internet has further widened the gap between the developing and the developed countries .
he said that to narrow the gap , the developing countries must unite and take the same stand in the new round of multilateral trade negotiations to make it a bona fide " development round . "
at this annual meeting of the world economic forum , president arafat of the palestinian authority described in his speech a construction blueprint for the middle east after achieving peace there .
he once again called upon the international community to take steps to salvage the peace process so that the middle east people can look forward to a peaceful , free , and prosperous new century .
this annual meeting was held at the beginning of the new millennium under fairly good world economic conditions , but klaus schwab , founder of the world economic forum , said at the opening ceremony on the $number that people must not be complacent .
the questions of whether the united states ' economy will once again overheat , whether the weak euro can recover , whether the recovery of the asian economy will be sustained , which way the russian economy will head as it stands at the crossroads , and how to balance north - south development and other problems still loom , and they are not problems the world economic forum can solve . they require long - term attention from all parties .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the china council for promoting peaceful reunification , the hong kong , macao , taiwan and overseas chinese committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , and the huangpu military academy alumni association held a forum in beijing on $date to mark $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang zemin 's major speech " continued striving for the promotion of the accomplishment of the great cause of the motherland 's reunification . "
wan guoquan , president of the china council for promoting peaceful reunification , spoke at the meeting .
he said that jiang zemin 's major speech had deeply , systematically , and comprehensively expounded the basic principles and policies of the chinese communist party on solving the taiwan issue and accomplishing the motherland 's reunification . the speech , a programmatic document and guiding thought on solving the taiwan issue at the current stage , reflected the consistency and continuity of the chinese communist party 's and the chinese government 's taiwan policy , which not only helped maintain the state sovereignty and territorial integrity but also respected taiwan compatriots ' lifestyles and wishes to be masters of their destiny , thereby attracting attention from the international community and winning support and responses from overseas chinese and from compatriots in hong kong , macao , and taiwan .
wang guoquan pointed out that taiwan separatist forces as represented by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] have ignored the interests of the chinese nation , disregarded the welfare of the $number people on taiwan , resorted to all means in a vain attempt to cut off taiwan 's ties with the mainland , tossed off the " two - states theory , " and intentionally split china 's territory and sovereignty , which not only undermined peace and security in the taiwan strait but also ran counter to the wishes of taiwan compatriots for stability , peace , and development , thereby incurring the unanimous condemnation by all chinese people and by the international community .
he said that vice premier qian qichen pointed out at a forum marking $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang zemin 's major speech that the correctness , scientific nature , all - embracing nature , and feasibility of the " one country , two systems " concept put forward by comrade deng xiaoping have been fully proven in the successful implementation in hong kong and macao .
china will practice an even more relaxed policy than the ones applied to hong kong and macao to solve the taiwan issue under the framework of the " one country , two systems . "
he expressed the belief that through cross - strait talks , a solution can surely be found that will not only satisfy the wishes and demands of taiwan compatriots but also fully take into consideration the interests of various social classes in taiwan .
the hard - working , brave , clever , and wise chinese people can surely solve their own affairs and will finally realize the motherland 's complete reunification .
more and more taiwan compatriots will finally come to believe that the " one country , two systems " is the best way to safeguard the interests of all concerned .
also speaking at the forum were zhu xun , chairman of the hong kong , macao , taiwan and overseas chinese committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ; cai zimin , vice chairman of the hong kong , macao , taiwan and overseas chinese committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and honorary chairman of the taiwan democratic self - government league central committee ; jiang dianming , vice president of the all - china taiwan studies society ; li jiaquan , research fellow at the institute of taiwan studies of the academy of social sciences ; lin shanyuan , vice president of the huangpu military academy alumni association ; and wen qiang , member of the executive council of the huangpu military academy alumni association .
the forum was chaired by wang wenyuan , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and president of the china council for promoting peaceful reunification .
some $number persons , including zhou tienong , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and president of the china council for promoting peaceful reunification ; responsible persons from departments concerned ; some members of the chinese people 's political consultative conference who are in beijing ; some notables ; and representatives of the huangpu military academy alumni , attended the forum .
haikou , $date (zxs) - - hainan governor wang xiaofeng pointed out today that since the establishment of the province $number years ago , an increasing number of taiwan compatriots have come to hainan to make investments . taiwan - invested enterprises have made positive contributions to hainan 's development and construction .
he said that hainan will realistically protect the legitimate rights and interests of taiwan investors in hainan , further promote and actuate the building of the cross - strait ( hainan ) agricultural cooperative experimental zone , and give further impetus to exchanges and cooperation between the two islands of hainan and taiwan .
in order to commemorate the $number anniversary of the issuance of president jiang zemin 's instruction on " making continued efforts to promote the fulfillment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland , " the hainan provincial cpc committee and government today held a spring festival forum here with taiwan compatriots , taiwan businessmen , and their family members . representatives from such organs and mass organizations as the provincial committee of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , the provincial committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league , the provincial association of taiwan - invested enterprises , and the provincial federation of family members of taiwan compatriots were invited to the forum .
wang xiaofeng gave the above statement at the forum .
wang xiaofeng said : five years ago , president jiang zemin gave an eight - point proposal on developing cross - strait relations and advancing the process of the peaceful reunification of the motherland . this was the chinese government 's sincere expression on resolving the taiwan issue which struck a responsive chord in the hearts of the chinese people at home and abroad .
however , in disregard of the sincerity of mainland china and the common interests of the chinese nation , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] made all kinds of moves departing from the one - china principle . last year he trotted out the " two - state theory " in a vain attempt to split china . this was strongly opposed by the chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots .
as the sons and daughters of the chinese nation , we will surely realize the complete reunification of the motherland and the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation at an early date .
he pointed out : taiwan compatriots have the glorious tradition of patriotism , which is the basic strength for realizing the peaceful reunification of the motherland . taiwan compatriots will surely be able to make a correct choice on the issue concerning the future of taiwan that is beneficial to peaceful unification .
in the meantime , he also affirmed the contributions made by taiwan compatriots in hainan 's development and construction .
he pointed out : since the establishment of the province $number years ago , $number taiwan - invested enterprises have made investments totaling $ $number in hainan . taiwan - invested enterprises have made positive contributions to hainan 's development and construction .
he said : hainan will put forward " detailed rules " for the implementation of the " prc detailed rules for the implementation of the law on protecting taiwan compatriots " in line with hainan 's actual situation in an effort to realistically protect the legitimate rights and interests of taiwan compatriots ; at the same time , we hope that we will make joint efforts to further promote and give impetus to the building of the cross - strait ( hainan ) agricultural cooperative experimental zone and further propel exchanges and cooperation between the two islands of hainan and taiwan .
representatives of taiwan compatriots , taiwan businessmen , family members of taiwan compatriots and related organs and mass organizations gave speeches at the forum one after another .
mr. chiang yu - ch 'ang , taiwan businessman and vice president of the provincial committee of the association of taiwan - invested enterprises , said : i am a taiwan businessman and i have made investments in hainan for many years . i feel that realizing cross - strait " three links " at an early date and achieving unification is conducive to the development of our investment . the statement made by president jiang zemin on promoting the reunification of the motherland five years ago is in the fundamental interests of compatriots on both sides of the stratit .
lee ch 'iung - mei , vice president of the provincial committee of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , said : president jiang zemin 's speech given five years ago showed strong affections and sincerity , having a very strong influential power .
the reunification of the motherland and family reunion symbolize the love of compatriots and the basic demands of national sentiments .
in the speech of ku yuan - yang , president of the provincial committee of the federation of family members of taiwan compatriots , said : the smooth handover of hong kong and macao shows that the peaceful reunification of the motherland is a general trend and settling the taiwan issue at an early date is in favor with the compatriots on both sides of the strait .
cai changsong , deputy secretary of the hainan provincial cpc committee ; hong shouxiang , standing committee member of the provincial party committee and director of the propaganda department ; and li dongsheng and wang qiongying , vice governors of hainan province , attended the forum .
united nations , $date ( xinhua ) - - recently , the us " sitelatefu [ $number $number $number $number $number ] association " published an internet article , entitled " kosovo : united states seeks ways to extricate itself . " the article held that last year 's kosovo war has bogged down the united states in an inextricable quagmire , and the united states ' european allies are not cooperating now that it wants to withdraw its troops from kosovo .
it said : life will only become harder if us forces are garrisoned for the long term in kosovo .
i cannot help but recall two old chinese sayings after reading this article : getting enmeshed in a web of one 's own spinning , and lifting a rock only to drop it on one 's own feet , which truly portray the dilemma in which the united states is caught in kosovo .
last $date , us - led nato flaunted the banner of humanitarianism , and wantonly and indiscriminately bombed the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] without un security council authorization .
the $number - day military operation gravely trampled on the " un charter " and international laws , and caused heavy casualties and property losses in the fry .
for a period of time , the us government , public , and media boasted enormously about their victory and were insufferably arrogant .
however , as time goes by , some people have to admit that the severity of the outcome of this war is unexpected .
now , quite a number of people in the us congress and research organizations believe that the government had miscalculated . initially , it thought that the fry would succumb without a fight after enduring a few days of powerful nato military strikes . unexpectedly though , the desired result was not obtained after more than two months of air strikes , and the matter was only wound up after it was taken up by the united nations .
ethnic conflicts have intensified further instead of disappearing after us - led nato troops were garrisoned in kosovo in the name of un peacekeeping .
not only have violent conflicts escalated in kosovo , but nato troops have become the target of attacks .
the albanian " kosovo liberation army " [ kla ] supported vigorously by nato troops has persisted in its old ways , has conflicted with serbs now and then , and also constantly has open fights with nato troops .
some people in the united states exclaimed : us forces are in the albanian and serb " crossfire , " and could well be " drawn into the danger of kosovo civil war . "
the " sitelatefu association " article said : now , the us government is considering " redefining " its kosovo policy , and the core will be military withdrawal from kosovo .
us defense secretary cohen flew to munich last week , hoping also to work on the european allies .
he complained : us forces serve as policemen in kosovo but lack the training required , and the us government does not wish them to do such work . the kosovo situation has the tendency to get out of control , and the european allies should shoulder more obligations .
according to us claims , the european allies have agreed to garrison police units in kosovo , and will form a multinational force before $date this year to uphold peace in kosovo , so that us forces can extricate themselves .
however , in reality , the european allies have no such desire .
european countries , besides britain , lacked enthusiasm in the kosovo military operation in $number place , and flinch from advancing forward now that they are faced with such a chaotic situation .
some people even believe that the united states asked for it since it refused to heed advice initially and had made a mess of things .
people here opined : the prerequisite for the united states to militarily withdraw from kosovo is the agreement of european countries to fill the vacuum left by us forces , but persuading the european allies to help clear up the messy situation is easier said than done .
the united states should really think things over now that it could not extricate itself from the kosovo quagmire .
the united states has always wanted to become the world 's big brother , and has promoted power politics and hegemonism everywhere . if it continues to be its old self , it will not be able to avoid the disastrous roads of failure it took in north korea , vietnam , somalia , and other places .
hong kong , $date (zts) - - the idea of establishing " three links " across the taiwan strait , namely direct transport , postal , and commercial links , has been the urgent demand of the nongovernment public in taiwan for many years , and it has now become an important variable for the candidates in influencing people 's voting trends in taiwan 's presidential election , and affecting the overall situation in the election .
the five groups participating in the election will unavoidably aim the crux of the election race at the question of cross - strait transport links and regard this as a profitable policy in terms of winning votes .
state president jiang zemin , speaking on new year 's day , reiterated the guideline of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " and the concept of " jiang 's eight points , " and again raised his two " pinning of hopes , " that is " pinning hopes on the taiwan authorities , and still more , on the taiwan people " ; he appealed for the two sides to hold dialogue and negotiations under the " one china " principle .
the nongovernment public in taiwan widely believes that holding dialogue and negotiations on establishing the cross - strait " three links " is the best choice for responding to jiang zemin 's new year 's day remarks and is also based on taiwan 's urgent needs ; such a move can enhance cross - strait economic cooperation and also break through cross - strait estrangement .
there are now $number taiwan - funded enterprises on the mainland with agreed funds exceeding $ $number , and $number cross - strait journeys are made by their work personnel every year ; and the inability to resolve the " three links " problem causes huge extra costs for business circles .
the " three links " constitute a key which can open the mental block between the two sides of the strait and also promote mutual understanding ; after the two sides have gradually come to know each other , the people of taiwan will be happy to accept " one country , two systems , " and thus peaceful reunification will be achieved .
professor chang lin - chih of taiwan university pointed out in a taiwan tv program that the taiwan authorities have erected obstacles over the question of cross - strait transport links , with the result that it is completely impossible to develop the " asia - pacific operations center . "
she analyzed that foreign enterprises will certainly not come to taiwan if they have to incur the cost of a much longer circuitous route when going to the mainland - - like matzu temple worshippers having to detour around japan 's ( shiyuan ) [ $number $number ] island - - thus being unable to make any profit on it .
according to people in the taiwan airline business , at present $number passengers annually are flying to both sides of the strait to do business , view the scenery , or visit relatives ; at a conservative estimate aviation business opportunities total at least $number new taiwan yuan ; if air cargo volume , air catering , aviation support services , aircraft maintenance and other related businesses are included , the figure could exceed $number .
hence , while the taiwan authorities are clamoring that the " three links " problem must be handled in accordance with the procedure of the " national reunification program " plan , airline companies which want direct flights as soon as possible have long ago sent staff to the mainland to investigate the market and have also engaged in cooperative business with well - known mainland airline companies ; they have also maintained good ties with the civil aviation administration of china , in preparation for direct flights .
back $date taiwan 's china airlines used hong kong and macao airports as its springboards for cooperation with mainland airlines for " single ticketing " and " through baggage labels " ; in the past two years there has been a rapid increase in transit passengers and cargo there .
at the same time china airlines has established an office in beijing through its us - registered " sino - us investment company , " and it is now planning to set up offices in shanghai , the main commercial city of central china , and guangzhou , south china 's biggest window on the world , as its main bases for advancing on the mainland after direct flights commence .
taiwan 's chang jung aviation , which is closely following china airlines in establishing an office in beijing , will also soon establish an office in shanghai .
in order to respond to the vast business opportunities in the future when there are direct cross - strait flights , taiwan 's fu hsing aviation has spent a huge sum on buying medium and long - range versions of the european airbus .
taiwan 's far east aviation has sent staff to the mainland to learn the technical aviation terms which differ from those used in taiwan , so as to complete all the prearrangement work before direct flights commence .
it is learned that all these four airline companies have stated that they will send aircraft to the mainland as soon as the taiwan authorities announce direct flights .
as for sea transport , all shipping companies hold that direct routes represent the inevitable trend , and it is absolutely impossible to ignore the important status and impact of the mainland 's vast market in asia .
at present the main taiwan shipping companies have apparently completed their " struggle for berths " and associated preparatory work prior to the opening of direct sea routes . even the government - run taiwan navigation company , which has never operated regular container services , has decided to take back two multipurpose container ships that it has leased to li jung navigation , in preparation for opening cross - strait container routes between three ports .
in the face of the strong momentum of calls inside and outside taiwan for the " three links , " the election candidates profoundly realize that the " three links " are a major issue and an entrance ticket in the election battle , and they can only win people 's favor by acceding to their wishes .
regarding the ideas of the five candidates , lien chan , song chu - yu , ch 'en shui - pien , hsu hsin - liang , and li ao , on the " three links , " public opinion inside and outside taiwan holds that although there are differences in degree between them , or that the feasibility still needs to be assessed , all those who are out of office are showing positive initiative and there is no lack of bold innovative thinking .
hsu hsin - liang was $number of them to raise the idea of " three links , " and sung chu - yu proposed " immediately opening direct postal and telecommunications links , direct transport links can go ahead through negotiations " ; both of them are somewhat bolder and more positive than the taiwan authorities .
as for kuomintang candidate lien chan , he has not yet produced a white paper on his mainland policy ; taiwan public opinion holds that since the outside world regards lien chan 's mainland policy as the yardstick regarding whether he will go further than li teng - hui and move out of li 's shadow , people are waiting to see what will happen .
text : ( article by su ge from " marking $number anniversary of president jiang 's eight - point proposal " column : " ' one country , two systems ' is the most feasible pattern for achieving cross - strait reunification " ) ( fbis translated text ) on the eve of the $number spring festival , president jiang zemin delivered an important speech entitled " continue to strive for accomplishing the great cause of reunifying the motherland , " in which he put forward an eight - point proposal for settling the taiwan issue and realizing the reunification of the country in the present stage .
in the past few years , though cross - strait relations have gone through twists and turns as well as storms , tremendous changes have also taken place in this regard .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have kept contacting with one another , various exchanges have been brisk and frequent , the investment by taiwan businessmen in business on the mainland of the motherland has reached a given scale , and periodic progress has been made in promoting the establishment of direct links between the two sides for postal , trade , and air and shipping services .
all this eloquently proves that the desire of the chinese people to realize the reunification of the motherland is an irresistible historical trend .
hong kong and macao have successively returned to the motherland , and the historic task of striving to settle the taiwan issue and realizing the reunification of the motherland at an early date is now ever more prominently placed before us .
as we mark $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , we should realize that one of the important historic missions is to carry forward the cause and forge ahead into the future and to further implement the great principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " to speed up the process of peaceful cross - strait reunification .
hong kong and macao have returned to the motherland one after the other , and the influence produced by the practice of " one country , two systems " has been continuously increasing .
now more and more people favor " one country , two system " ; since it has successfully solved the hong kong and macao questions , it can certainly apply to settle the taiwan issue .
of course , compared with the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the process of applying " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " to taiwan will be more complicated .
the main causes are the taiwan authorities ' obstacles and misleading . putting on the airs of stubbornly rejecting the principle of " one country , two systems , " the taiwan authorities have vilified it as dwarfing taiwan , claiming that " taiwan is not hong kong , and 'one country , two systems ' does apply to taiwan . "
in fact , realizing the ultimate reunification of the country according to the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " will not impose exactly the same pattern of " one country , two systems " for hong kong and macao on taiwan .
in his speech at a spring festival tea party for members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) this year , president jiang zemin pointed out : we pay close attention to the characteristics of taiwan that are different from those of hong kong and macao .
the content of settling the taiwan issue and achieving peaceful reunification according to the principle of " one country , two systems " will be more relaxed than that for hong kong and macao .
vice premier qian qichen also explicitly pointed out in a speech : " realizing peaceful cross - strait reunification according the principle of 'one country , two systems ' in the future will not harm the immediate and long - term interests of the taiwan compatriots . many taiwan compatriots hope to maintain the status quo ; for them , 'one country , two systems ' is the best method to maintain the status quo . "
" peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " means seeking a plan acceptable to both sides of the strait through benign interaction and by seeking common ground while reserving differences .
in the course of " equal consultation and mutual discussion on reunification " as called by wang daohan , chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan strait (arats) , everything possible should be done to maintain the status quo and to not harm the fundamental interests of the parties concerned .
after reunification , the two sides of the strait will coexist peacefully , and " no one will swallow the other . "
to bring about such a " double - or multiple - win " situation , the most feasible pattern is " one country , two systems . "
in all fairness , since the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " was established , the mainland of the motherland has made continuous efforts to improve the principle and always given full consideration to the current situations on both sides of the strait and to the interests of various parties in the hope that the results of reunification will be accepted by the taiwan authorities and the masses of the people .
in the course of cross - strait contacts over the past several years , the policy of the mainland of the motherland toward taiwan , while upholding the premise of one china , has embodied flexibilities in many aspects : ( $number ) the name of the representatives : " equal consultation " by the two sides of the strait .
( $number ) the course of reunification : the objective of reunifying the motherland can be achieved step by step .
as $number step , both sides can hold negotiations on " the formal end of hostilities on the principle of one china , " $number discuss the procedure for political negotiations , or exchange views on the establishment of direct links between the two sides for postal , trade , and air and shipping services .
( $number ) compared with hong kong and macao , taiwan may retain its armed forces and personages from taiwan may serve as state leaders after its reunification with the mainland .
after the reunification , compatriots on both sides of the strait will be able to enjoy the dignity and honor of the country together .
since li denghui ( lee teng - hui ) dished out his " two - state " theory , the chinese government and people have waged a resolute struggle against it in order to safeguard our sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the " two - state " theory has also been rebuffed everywhere in the international community .
the fact that the principle of one china has been widely accepted by the international community shows that the " two - state " theory is but a lost move by the taiwan separatist forces as a result of their misappraisal of the situation .
under the pressures from various quarters , the taiwan authorities have said that they will " not amend the constitution " or " enact laws , " but they have yet to get out of the dead end of the " two - state " theory ; they are still awaiting an opportunity and attempting to use other methods to separate taiwan from china " legally . "
the vital interests , major principles , and great justice of the chinese nation require the reunification of the motherland .
it should be particularly pointed out here that the principle of one china is the most important basis of cross - strait relations .
when the principle of one china is observed , there will be an opportunity for the development and improvement of cross - strait relations ; otherwise , cross - strait relations will be bound to come to a halt or even retrograde .
it is precisely because the opportunity for reunification and the challenge to it coexist that we must make preparations in two aspects : ( $number ) we should firmly adhere to the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal and do everything possible to strive for peaceful reunification .
( $number ) to prevent " taiwan independence " and interference by foreign forces , we must effectively make preparations for safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the country .
dr. sun yat - sen once said : " reunification is the desire of all our nationals .
when the country is reunified , the people can enjoy a happy life ; otherwise , the people will suffer . "
peaceful reunification accords with the fundamental interests of the people .
only by settling the taiwan issue according to the principle of " one country , two system , " will it be possible to seek the common denomination to the maximum of the interests of both sides of the strait .
of course , peaceful reunification cannot be accomplished at one stroke , and the fulfillment of the ultimate objective may include the following stages and measures : ( $number ) any questions can be discussed during the political negotiations under the premise of one china .
as $number step , the two sides of the strait may $number conduct negotiations on the formal end of hostilities .
( $number ) complementary trade and economic relations : the question that will soon face both sides of the strait is how to promote the direct links between the two sides for postal , trade , and air and shipping services in the background of the world trade organization (wto) .
( $number ) increasing mutual trust : the chinese people on both sides of the strait are of the same origin , and there is no fundamental conflict of interest between them that cannot be resolved .
but the " two - state " theory is a stumbling block to the development of cross - strait relations .
whether or not the deadlock between the two sides of the strait can be broken depends on the attitude of the taiwan authorities .
the taiwan issue cannot delay indefinitely .
after the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the chinese nation will certainly be able to usher in a glorious , historical moment of complete reunification of the motherland .
british and us media recently have published many lengthy reports and analysis on russian acting president putin .
most of the reports are replete with skepticism over this russian strongman .
for example , both the washington post of the united states and the daily telegraph of britain have portrayed putin as a " dangerous figure " who may bring the world back to the cold war period . they say putin is " playing a new nuclear soccer game " and attempts to use nuclear policy to threaten the security interests of the west .
the media of the west maintain that russia , under its new national security concept , has loosened its control of the conditions for using nuclear weapons , and has even clearly regarded the us - led western bloc as a " hostile force . "
on the eve of the disintegration of the soviet union not so long ago , the highly idealistic gorbachev firmly believed the western theory about " common values of all mankind . " his belief resulted in the disintegration of the soviet union and the dissolution of the warsaw pact . the foundation built over several decades was almost totally destroyed immediately .
the united states , however , did not respond in kind to dissolve the military bloc of nato on the basis of the " common values of all mankind . "
on the contrary , it took the opportunity to expand eastward in a big way . it even drew some former warsaw pact nations to its side to become its members . moreover , it even ruthlessly disintegrated the southern wing of russia through launching the kosovo war .
following the disintegration of the soviet union , the russian federation again faced the danger of yet another disintegration because of the " phenomenon of chechen , " which is a nation within a nation . "
now russia has become more soberly aware of its fundamental interests than ever before .
we should say that russia 's major restructuring of its external security system is a response , which russia is forced to make because of the west 's insatiable , step - by - step moves to squeeze its strategic space , and absolutely not because of russia 's bellicosity .
in $date , the so - called " common values of all mankind " which the west proclaimed evolved to become the theory that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty . "
the fact is that this theory is nothing but a hypocritical subterfuge . who in those developed countries with strong economic growth and lavish consumption habits have given any food to the starving african children struggling on the line of death , basing on the belief that that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty " ?
two recent events taking places respectively in britain and the united states can fully explain what sort of the theory - - " human rights take precedence over sovereignty " - - it is when it is applied in actual practice .
$number one was britain 's release of chile 's former president , pinochet .
just as the daily telegraph says in a commentary , if britain , on the basis of the belief that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty , " insisted on extraditing the former chilean president to spain for trail , it would means that a former british prime minister , when he travels in a $number country , might be arrested there because of his conduct in another country .
thus , extraditing pinochet to spain would be an extremely complex and sensitive international event , and britain , after considering the issue very carefully , dared not set this dangerous precedence .
$number incidence was : when chechen 's secessionist force was at the critical point where its very existence was at stake , and sought help , even military intervention , from the united states , the us government , while expressing profound sympathies , flatly rejected the request .
the us government has been strongly condemning russian troops for creating a " humanitarian crisis " in chechen .
if the united states chose to act according to the theory that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty , " then it should feel justify to send troops to chechen , just as it did when it invaded yugoslavia during the kosovo war .
but american people fully understand what will be the consequence of their intervention in the chechen war . they fully understand that it is not in the national interests of the united states .
many world events happening after cold war have vividly illustrated this fact , namely : although globalization has had a profound impact on the world , the core of international relations remains politics buttressed by strength and national interests .
while globalization has weakened the traditional national interests , it cannot replace the fundamental national interests .
this is because territory , resources , population , wealth , culture , institutions and other tangible and intangible things are still demarcated by ethnic and national lines .
the wealth of the united states belongs to the united states . the resources in china belong to china . british patents belong to britain .
national interests are still the basic principle that countries all over the world follow in making decisions or taking actions .
we may discuss and listen to the " common values of all mankind " that the western world exalted $date , or the theory that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty " they dished out $date , but we must not forget this irrefutable truth , namely " a weak nation has no diplomacy to speak of . "
in the early winter morning , the great desert seemed sound asleep , and the whole area was in darkness as our cross - country jeep drove in .
after the lights were switched off , the jeep was like a small sandbag quietly waiting at a spot not far from the launching tower .
inside the jeep we were enjoying the darkness , because no one could find us .
of course , apart from myself , they were all on special security missions .
the date was $date , a day written in the glorious annals of the chinese nation .
at the time , however , we were anxiously waiting and worrying .
our vehicle was so close to the launching tower , and we could clearly see the long arms of the shiny green launching tower embracing a milk - white new type of rocket pointing at the sky .
all kinds of thoughts were thronging my mind at the time , but i did not say anything , i was afraid that the others in the vehicle were in a state of anxiety , for this after all was china 's $number test - launch of a spaceship .
do not think for a moment that i , a female in the military , am stupidly brave , in fact i " know what 's what " and i am familiar with the veterans in charge of the spaceship 's destiny .
i just wanted to watch the " shenzhou " soar into the heaven from nearby ...
after the triumph , i can finally talk about it now .
wang yongzhi [ $number $number $number ] is the chief designer in china 's manned spaceflight project , and so far the missiles and carrier rockets designed under his charge have never failed .
this time , however , i saw at the launch site that there was a big question mark on his face , his heavy eyebrows were knitted , and he was intently looking at the rocket and the spacecraft . only his hairstyle indicated the personality of the main in charge : black and strong , and very neat . it was not hard to see that this fellow of the chinese engineering academy , now in his $date , has the heart of a young man striving for outstanding achievements .
it is no surprise that chief designer wang attracts young men .
his technical assistant sun gongling [ $number $number $number ] is an outstanding engineer with a master 's degree . when joining the project team $date , young sun received a notice of enrolment as a space engineering professorial research fellow at the georgia technical institute in the united states , but he staunchly followed chief engineer wang and donned military uniform .
i really admire chief designer wang 's powers of attraction .
i asked sun gongling , " why did you throw away the chance to get a professorship in the united states and chose instead to be chief designer wang 's technical assistant ? "
" things that chief designer wang has correctly identified can certainly be achieved , and they can be done in outstandingly successful fashion . "
sun gongling 's eyes were bright as he said this , as if he had already seen the spacecraft soaring into the sky .
he quickly added something worth pondering : " a man 's attraction lies in his wisdom and boldness . "
i agree with this .
qian xuesen , the father of china 's space effort , $number recognized and favored wang yongzhi 's wisdom and boldness .
that was in $date , when wang yongzhi went to the gobi for $number time to undertake the task of launching $number medium - short - range missiles developed by china itself .
during the test firing , the missile 's range was not long enough .
the experts considered how to add more propellant to the rocket , but as the rocket ' fuel tanks were limited , it was not possible to feed in any more .
just when everyone was racking their brains to think of a solution , a young lieutenant stood up and said : " if the propellant temperature is high when the rocket is launched , its density will be reduced , thus the motor 's throttle characteristic will change accordingly .
after calculation , if $number kg of fuel are unloaded from the rocket , the missile will hit the target . "
everyone suddenly looked at the young man 's face .
the experts could hardly believe their ears .
someone said impolitely : " the rocket 's capacity was already insufficient , yet you want to remove some of the fuel ? "
they then took no notice of his suggestion .
wang yongzhi , however , was not reconciled to this ; he thought of qian xuesen , the technical director at the jiuquan launch site and a great scientist ; just before the launch , he plucked up his courage and went to qian xuesen 's house .
at the time qian xuesen was not very familiar with this " young fellow , " but after listening to his views , his eyes brightened and he joyfully exclaimed : " call the rocket 's chief designer here immediately . "
pointing at wang yongzhi , qian xuesen said to the chief designer : " this young man 's opinion is correct , and do as he says ! "
it turned out that the rocket 's range lengthened after some of the propellant was removed , and all the three missiles launched hit the target .
qian xuesen remembered wang yongzhi from that time .
when china started to develop its $number - generation missiles , qian xuesen proposed : let $number - generation people be in charge of $number - generation strategic missiles , make wang yongzhi the chief designer .
the iron arms on the launch tower opened up , and the long rapier in the crystal palace , outlined against the sky , displayed its heroic posture .
i knew that it would be wang yongzhi controlling the rocket bundle 's " portrait rights . "
on $date when china successfully launched its $number rocket bundle at xichang , he had been the chief person responsible for its development .
i concentrated my gaze on a tall and straight rocket ; it contained a great deal of new technology , such as that used for checking and dealing with faults , and it was completely reliable .
the manned spaceflight project has seven major subsystems , and each system has a chief designer and director .
liu zhusheng [ $number $number $number ] , chief designer of the rocket , jokingly said to me : " chief designer wang has never asked me if the rocket will work properly , i really wanted to tell him that he need not worry , there is no problem with the rocket . "
i laughed : " good idea , i will tell him for you . "
that day i told wang yongzhi what liu zhusheng had said . gratified , chief wang smiled : " i know liu zhusheng , he is very careful . "
rocket director huang chunping [ $number $number $number ] said , however : there are $number parts of the rocket , and if just one of them goes wrong , it will affect the launch precision and may even cause failure .
it seemed that the alarm bell needed to ring for a long time .
at this time the launch tower was completely opened up , and the rocket and spacecraft were all displayed before our eyes .
what people worried about was the spacecraft atop the rocket .
on $date i sat in a room with qi faren [ $number $number $number ] , chief designer of the " shenzhou " spacecraft and listened to his opinions ; he was well aware that i was in the general installation department , but he frankly told me : " this spaceflight launch was decided by deputy director shen ; if it is successful it will be due to wise and correct leadership , but if it fails i will have been fooled by him . "
curious , i asked : " why ? "
director qi bluntly said : " in the past i did not agree that $number new rocket should carry a spacecraft , moreover this is a prototype and a joint training in space hardware , but now i am more and more confident . "
the three - cabin scheme for the spacecraft was proposed by wang yongzhi .
it means : the orbital cabin is the place where the astronauts live and work ; the reentry cabin is the spacecraft 's control center , and the astronauts sit in there during the launch and reentry ; and the propulsion cabin provides energy and power for the spacecraft in orbit and in reentry .
what should be done about the new carrier rocket ?
there were different opinions on this .
the spaceflight departments proposed : the risk of sending up a prototype spacecraft is too great , and we should have a good match to be on the safe side .
shen rongjun held that since they had already undertaken to the cpc central committee to " strive for $number and ensure $number , " they must be credible , and they could send up the spacecraft $date in accordance with the demands of the proper technology .
it all depends on human effort , and china must take a good $number step in manned spaceflight .
wang yongzhi went to consult shen rongjun [ $number $number $number ] : " we should attach a spacecraft to the rocket , but what happens if progress on the spacecraft 's motor lags behind ? "
shen rongjun immediately flew to shanghai and went personally to the shanghai space technology research academy , which was developing the spacecraft 's motor , to find out what was going on .
he investigated the technical situation and conducted serious analysis and study with the leadership of the academy and the institute and with the main technical staff . the unanimous view was that although there were risks , they would be able , through effort , to ensure the spacecraft 's safe reentry .
the scheme was then submitted to a joint meeting of the " two chiefs " ( the chief director and the chief designer ) , and a consensus was reached and a decision made under the auspices of minister cao gangchuan .
in the affairs of men , it always happens that a correct choice will determine your success .
and for lieutenant general shen rongjun , deputy director of china 's manned spaceflight , the pressure was very heavy , because he strongly advocated that $number launch of the spacecraft must go into space and successfully return .
his decisionmaking choice was related to whether this undertaking would succeed or fail , and he profoundly felt the great difficulty of his task .
china 's $number spacecraft was given the same " shenzhou " by president jiang zemin personally .
central military commission vice chairman chi haotian went to jiuquan space city and told all those involved in the tests : " there are three great events $date : the $number anniversary of the founding of the state ; the reversion of macao to the motherland ; and the task which you are about to complete of sending china 's $number spacecraft into space . "
this china 's $number spacecraft launch .
minister cao gangchuan and political commissar li jinai know their subordinates sufficiently well to delegate appropriate responsibilities to them ; they handed to shen rongjun the heavy task of the manned spaceflight and let him take overall responsibility .
when the jiuquan satellite launch site was starting construction $date , shen rongjun , who had just graduated from university , volunteered to go to the great desert ; by now he has taken part in and directed $number missile tests and rocket and satellite launches .
he is a renowned spaceflight observation and control expert and also a launch controller of great experience .
this means that he shoulders heavy burdens .
for him , every launch is a test .
but he is a a tough fellow who displays not the slightest ambivalence in the face of risks ; his sole pursuit is to make the correct choice based on the state 's interests .
on $date shen rongjun was told in a urgent phone call from the launch site that there was a problem with a part of the spacecraft 's control system .
the following day he flew to the launch site and immediately convened a technical discussion meeting on whether to open up the craft to carry out crash repairs .
there were two diametrically opposed views : some held that the reentry cabin was sealed , and to open it up to look for the fault could result in new problems .
others held that dismantling the cabin ran the risk of a mistake in work on the ground , but if it was not dismantled , although there were reserve measures , they would be running the risk of a failure in space .
shen rongjun resolutely decided : " we cannot run the risk in space !
so long as the organization is tight , and the measures effective , mistakes on the ground can be avoided . "
the cabin was completely opened up ; in addition to solving the problem of the abnormal working of the part concerned , they also discovered and solved other problems .
in the end everyone sighed with relief .
i looked toward the launch tower ; the tip of the spacecraft atop the rocket glinted in the dark desert as it moved away from the tower . $date , the spacecraft arrives at the launch site .
i traveled to the launch site in site commander major general liu mingshan 's [ $number $number $number ] car .
the road was lined with tall xinjiang poplars standing up fine , straight , and sturdy in the desert , like sentinels guarding a narrow path . they gave people a feeling of exhilaration .
commander liu was full of emotion as he talked about the space city in the gobi , and even the $number xinjiang poplars were full of vitality .
two days previously , i and he had passed neat rows of hot houses covering $number mu , where cucumbers , tomatoes , peppers and other seasonal vegetables were growing sturdily .
commander liu said proudly : " we not only need to keep people here for the undertaking , but must also create a good environment for them to stay . "
the car stopped in front of a large construction ; the spacecraft was just being transported in the sun to the rocket general assembly and testing plant . we followed behind and entered a brain city .
apart from the towering rocket , there were many machine shops and equipment of all types .
commander liu introduced them to me in a very familiar way ; it was not at all easy for so many parameters to be accurate , and i was amazed at his memory ; i even wondered whether or not i needed to put so many hard to remember figures into a microcomputer .
seizing my chance well , i asked this " master " of so many personnel , in charge of the rocket , satellites , and the spacecraft , and also of the space city with its fuel , rice , oil , and salt , and vegetable baskets , to talk about his life .
liu mingshan is a good talker ; after graduating from university he left for the gobi , and now he has been there $number years and has witnessed the launch of $number satellites from the space city plus various types of missiles and carrier rockets .
he has a lot to say about " everyone else , " and he even told me that $number percent of graduates from the space city school go on to higher education , but he did not say a work about his own family .
i was surprised at this .
i took the liberty to ask : " does your wife work here ? "
" no , she has departed .
i remember her with gratitude to the end of my life ! "
at this moment , the winter sunlight was on his face , and i could see tears in his eyes .
" that is the way with life , she just departed . "
he suddenly reproached himself : " she cried out several times that she had stomach pain , why did i not get her to the hospital sooner ? "
i had a string of questions to ask , but i could not touch on his hurt again .
seeing what i was thinking , he said quietly : " renjin had stomach cancer .
i can never forget her lying on the sick bed , exhorting me with her last breath : you must get the spacecraft into space . "
that afternoon i went into the space city history museum ; a photograph of liu mingshan 's wife pan renjin was on an honor board ; a senior colonel , she was smiling , and she appeared young and very pretty .
she was an outstanding technical cadre standard - bearer here , and also an outstanding party member , who had won many awards .
her main work here was to monitor the site 's electromagnetic compatibility .
a woman suffering from serious illness who knew her fate climbed up and down the several score meter - high testing plant , so tired that when she came off shift she could not climb into a vehicle .
because liu mingshan was busy with work , he failed to notice his wife 's condition .
she went to beijing for a meeting ; she made a speech there in the morning , and was taken to hospital in the afternoon .
in accordance with pan renjin 's will , her ashes were buried in the dongfeng martyrs mausoleum .
this mausoleum contains $number people from the gobi who rest in peace now ; through the desert haze , they could see the motherland 's rockets and satellites soaring into space and could hear the roar as the rockets rise from the launch site .
the desert wind blowing outside the mausoleum brings the rockets ' thunder past the neat rows of memorials , and there is peace after the wind has passed ; it is as peaceful as dreamland .
on the two rest days of the week , when things are quietest , liu mingshan brings flowers and stands alone before his wife 's memorial .
in a man 's life there is a kind of constant remembrance of gratitude , there is one thought that endures for ever , and there is a kind of person who walks alone .
liu mingshan is now alone , he shoulders the important commission of the motherland and people to achieve the hope his wife voiced with the dying breath - - to launch the " shenzhou ! "
three red flares soared into the sky , and the launch countdown began .
i have come over from the hustle of the launching site , and many times i have seen lieutenant general shen rongjun and lieutenant general hu shixiang [ $number $number $number ] , who is now deputy director of the installation department , directing satellite launches .
this is so tense that it would stop the heart of anyone there with heart disease .
however , they have the posture of generals , and they can disguise their feelings and pull through , until the launch has succeeded .
dawn is just breaking over the launch site , and i am happy to see the rocket pointing at the sky ; " good weather , favorable terrain , and friendly people " are all present , and probably nothing frightening will happen .
just at this moment , however , shen rongjun and hu shixiang have received an urgent report : the ocean survey ship " yuanwang no . $number " which is undertaking the monitoring and control task at sea has encountered a force-10 storm at latitude $number degrees south in the south pacific .
shen rongjun and hu shixiang exchanged views , then gave the decisive order : " launch according to plan .
better that ' no. $number ' does not monitor , but security must be ensured . "
they swiftly relayed this from the launch site to the command center .
appearing before leading comrades of the state council and central military commission , although they felt great psychological pressure , they had tempered their cool and stubborn disposition during many complex and dangerous launches , and become composite commanders full of self - confidence .
later i found out that the four " yuanwang " ships had overcome seven strong typhoons and passed through many complex and dangerous sea areas in steaming a total of $number nautical miles in $number days , equivalent to three times around the world , and they completely fulfilled their sea monitoring and control tasks .
at $number , the great desert trembled , the firmament shook , and orange flames lifted the rocket and the spacecraft with thunderous roar into the sky and into space .
below the launching tower ablaze with light , i bumped into major general zhang jianqi [ $number $number $number ] , deputy commander of the launch site .
he is bold and careful ; he stayed at the launch site during the launch .
in his view , manned spaceflight is a life project .
$date , the day after completing the task of astronaut selection , he received an order to enter the jiuquan satellite launch center .
he told me : " any small mistake now will affect the safety of the astronauts ' lives . "
on $date , i witnessed a huge iron hook installing the spacecraft onto the rocket nose , $number meters high !
the spacecraft had already been fuelled .
tense , my hands were sweating .
but when i turned to look at zhang jianqi , who was directing the operation , he appeared completely calm .
i suddenly thought , he has demanded that the operators repeatedly train their hand and eye skills , until the big crane can insert the welding rod $number time into the aperture which only has the diameter of a $number cm beer bottle top .
if they are as skilled as that , what is there to worry about ?
is there not a saying : the skilled are bold ?
i also saw here xu kejun [ $number $number $number ] , chief engineer at the launch site .
the article he wrote entitled " china 's future launch sites should have two big technological progress features , " which was published in zairen hangtian [ manned spaceflight ] magazine $date , was praised by china 's famous scientist qian xuesen .
taking a look at him , xu kejun appears like a military officer , slightly bald ; deputy chief engineer yuan has a full head of black hair , his eyes display drive , and he looks able and efficient .
one is $number years older than the other .
chief designer qi said to yuan jiajun [ $number $number $number : " i took part in developing china 's $number satellite when i was $number , and you are taking part in directing the development of china 's $number spacecraft at the age of $number . "
chief designer qi faren was giving yuan jiajun a chance to display his talent .
chief qi said : " i hope that there will be successors in china 's space flight , with each generation getting stronger . "
i asked yuan jiajun : " do you know why the leadership chose you ? "
he readily replied : " i have a clear idea of the technical plans and have considered them quite carefully .
i will not only fulfill on time the task assigned me by the leadership but will ensure that it exceeds the leadership 's expectations . "
from the most tense stage in developing the spacecraft up to the launch , every saturday morning for $number successive weeks yuan helped director qi in presiding over the weekend management meeting ; these meetings coordinated the solutions to $number problems .
the evening before the launch , yuan and the flight control group discussed things till $number in the morning ; they prepared $number contingency plans for the craft , and although these were not used , they thought of everything .
it is precisely all this , it is precisely the selfless contributions of those named and unnamed heroes that ensured the complete success of the flight of " shenzhou . "
greeting $number dawn of $number , a national flag of special significance was hoisted over tiananmen square - - the five - star red flag that flew through space with " shenzhou " fluttered in $number dawn of the new year , to greet new glory for china 's space flight .
in the last $number years , china 's science and technology research has made achievements which have gained the attention of the people of the world .
however , many scientists and editors have come to feel even more that the development of china 's science and technology magazines has fallen far behind the development of china 's science and technology itself .
china 's science and technology publishers have borne the dual pressures of a surplus number of science and technology magazines and an excessive emphasis on foreign appraisal systems .
at present china has almost $number kinds of science and technology magazines , with almost one or more kinds of publications for each university , research institute , and professional association . limited inputs and the dispersion of sources have to a great extent constrained the raising of the academic level of science and technology publications , thus causing to a certain extent the lagging of china 's science and technology magazines behind the development of international science and technology magazines .
in recent years , some domestic departments in charge of scientific research have shown a notably excessive emphasis on evaluating in terms of how many articles are published abroad .
the evaluation of scientific research personnel by many scientific research departments has frequently indiscriminately considered the publishing of one article abroad as equal to publishing one or more articles domestically , resulting to a great degree in attracting chinese academic articles to publishing abroad .
according to the example of the scientific citation index ( sci cde ) of the internationally renowned citation system of the united states ' institute for scientific information (isi) , the number of academic articles published by chinese scientists received by the isi $date and $number numbered $number and $number articles , respectively . among these , the chinese scientific and technical periodicals published respectively accounted for $number and $number articles .
this means that in a period of $number years , the number of articles published in scientific and technical periodicals domestically in china fell relatively by $number percent .
the overemphasis on publishing abroad is not only divergent from objective reality , but also is not advantageous to the development of china 's scientific and technical journals .
this is because the compilation and publication that comes out of the isi 's citation indexing database is aimed at providing services for scientific and technical information , and the items cited do not all directly affect the concrete substance of articles ; so as a type of statistical analysis product , the influence itself of the data does not have an academic evaluative content and should not be deemed the authoritative data for evaluating academic publications .
in addition , the isi database manifests a notable regional disparity in regard to the number of publications sourced in regard to certain regions . the number of publications sourced to certain countries or regions in the isi database is not in conformity with the scientific and technological levels or overall power of certain countries or regions .
the reason we believe that the development of domestic science and technical magazines is extremely important is that , as a window for revealing scientific research results , science and technical periodicals play the dual roles of simultaneous exchange and promoting technological development .
if china 's high - level scientific research results are for the most part published in foreign science and technical journals , due to the factors of cost and channels of distribution , it will be difficult to see that these results receive simultaneous $number reporting domestically .
to address the objective reality of china 's scientific and technical journals , the scientific funding magazine department of the national commission for natural sciences funding , in $date organized and convened an international symposium on " raising the overall quality of china 's scientific and technical periodicals " . the scientists and personages from publishing circles who participated in the symposium concluded for the most part that in the future , the development of china 's scientific and technical magazines most certainly must follow " planned birth , " with the focus on raising quality .
in addition , the national commission for natural sciences funding and the chinese science association have begun a joint provision of set amounts of funding to $number outstanding science and technical periodicals . this definitely will promote the further heightening of the quality of these magazines .
in regard to increasing the exposure of publications , the investment into china 's science and technical publications has been by far insufficient .
at present , many foreign academic journals , because they have established specialized web pages on the internet , not only have provided weekly content for articles to be published , but some have even set up links to vast information databases .
these methods undoubtedly will expand the influence of the publications as well as the frequency with which the articles in the publications are quoted . at the same time , these methods will also increase subscribers .
in these respects , china 's domestic publications at present include only a minute number of scientific and technical journals , which are in an initial stage of development and await strengthening .
china 's scientific and technical journals should additionally fully pay attention to publicity and distribution work .
compared with the complete marketing networks and contacts and advanced advertising methods employed by foreign publishers , the level of china 's distribution work for its scientific and technical periodicals is still relatively backward , and this is extremely obvious in the existing $number english editions of scientific and technical publications .
at present , china 's majority of english editions of scientific and technical publications have only some $number editions that are subscribed to by foreigners , and even these few are not sufficiently marketed in foreign distribution channels .
if china 's english - edition scientific and technical publications unite together and seek suitable , highly efficient partners abroad , they might find in the near term some fairly feasible and effective foreign avenues of distribution .
as for the situation at present , china 's scientific and technical periodicals must raise their overall quality and increase the progress of their international contacts , not only requiring the arduous efforts of editorial departments , but even more requiring the close attention and large - scale support of scientific and technical departments and people in scientific circles .
[ cai tongchen ] the new term " clintonism " has appeared on the international scene since the gulf war .
what is clintonism , and what does it involve ? [ jin yinan ] since monroe was elected president $date , many us presidents have given their name to a " doctrine . "
for instance there was the monroe doctrine that " america is america for americans , " the roosevelt doctrine of carrot and stick , the truman doctrine of organizing the cold war and encirclement , the nixon doctrine of narrowing the depth of intervention , and so on .
the new doctrine of " clintonism " has emerged since the gulf war and the breakup of the soviet union .
there is no accurate definition of clintonism .
clinton is $number us president in half a century to have done no military service .
now in $number year of his presidency , he has become the president who has issued the greatest number of air strike orders in history .
under his command , the combat operations of the us air force have increased by $number percent over the cold war .
clinton himself is not only termed the " air strike president " by public opinion ; his diplomacy is also described as " air strike diplomacy " in western diplomatic circles .
even though no one has added color and emphasis in summing up what " clintonism " is , his method of being quick to drop bombs or launch missiles has long made him the president with the greatest enthusiasm in us history for reaching his political goals by the use of force . [ cai tongchen ] what is the true essence of clintonism ? [ jin yinan ] the most accurate footnote to clintonism has been provided by secretary of state albright .
what she said when sounding off against joint chiefs of staff chairman powell $date has already become a famous saying in us political circles : " you are always talking about our super military forces !
but what is the point of having these forces if we cannot use them ? "
the fiery albright gave the true essence of clintonism : " use these forces , " so that the world will know " the point of possessing them . "
this then is the post - cold war world in us eyes .
since only one of the two poles remains , they must certainly seize the opportunity to make full use of this pole .
clintonism is military hegemonism in a unipolar world , which takes us interventionist policy to the limits .
from the middle east to the balkans , from somalia to afghanistan , there seems to be no day when it is not intervening in others ' affairs , and no year when it is not waging war to interfere in others ' affairs .
in the course of its interventions , it has even created for the united states a new method of war : " war without engagement . "
its main aim is to take advantage of its air and technological superiority over the enemy and use hi - tech weapons from the air and sea to do tremendous damage to the enemy without coming into direct contact with the enemy 's combat personnel .
the $number - day kosovo war is an example of clinton - style " war without engagement " and also marks the peak of the clinton administration 's demonstration of the doctrine . [ cai tongchen ] why did the person who took us military interventionist policy to the limit lower his tone in the un general assembly [ unga ] , indicating that he lacked sufficient lung power ? [ jin yinan ] the problem precisely occurred at the peak .
the unga of $date became a watershed in explaining clintonism .
at the unga , western opinion universally held that the united states would give a comprehensive exposition of clintonism , which was very much in the limelight .
a previous new york times article said that this was the most glorious move in us balkan policy in $number years , and that armed force was the only language that the balkans understand .
germany 's stern pictorial also said with irrepressible zest that nato had reached the turning point in developing from a defensive alliance into an offensive organization .
clinton 's address to the unga on $date , however , greatly disappointed these people .
clinton said : " we cannot intervene everywhere in everything , " and " military intervention is not always appropriate ; there are times when political and economic pressure are more effective . "
this low - key address caused sparse applause among the delegates , in sharp contrast to his address $date , which was followed by a standing ovation .
what happened to this person who took us military intervention policy to the limit ?
it was precisely in the kosovo war , the peak of this military intervention , that clinton looked on helplessly at the inability of his doctrine to equal his ambition .
to attack a yugoslavia that had already been split up , the united states committed nearly one - $number of its air strength , and its stock of air - launched cruise missiles was almost exhausted .
since production of combat planes such as the f-16 has ended , there was a serious shortage of parts for round - the - clock bombing , and there was no alternative but to cannibalize aircraft of this type in the united states as an emergency replenishment .
a shortage of flight personnel meant that they had to fly when already tired , and it was also necessary to urgently mobilize the reserve at home .
a us air force memorandum said : " the combat units are in a difficult period , there are almost no spare engines available , and the combat equipment is almost exhausted . "
air refuelling planes , electronic warfare planes , and ground attack planes that were being used by the us central military command against iraq , and aircraft carriers used by the pacific command to cruise the western pacific , were transferred to help in the action .
if the united states felt that its ability did not equal its ambition in a partial air war , how could there be any talk of the military strategy of " simultaneously winning two main theater wars ? " [ cai tongchen ] the recent us performance in the asia - pacific region has in particular been a case of ability failing to equal ambition ; what is the reason for this ? [ jin yinan ] when the east timor crisis broke out in $date , there was no less justification for intervention than there had been in other places , but the americans did not come .
during the " missile crisis " on the korean peninsula , the americans acted contrary to their moves in the middle east and europe by seeking in various ways engagement and negotiations with north korea , in a bid for a compromise .
when li teng - hui dished up the " two - state theory , " he expected the americans to pull the chestnuts out of the fire for him , but they resented the retainer turning into the master .
former national security adviser brzezinski wrote in an article in the asian wall street journal that li teng - hui should be made to understand that " the united states does not like taiwan making statements based on assumptions , that is , assuming that if they provoke war with the mainland , the united states will come and rescue them . "
bader , former director of asian affairs in the national security council , said : " we have not undertaken not to stint the blood of american soldiers . "
when will the us military , which is accustomed to using retainers , personally fight in the vanguard on behalf of a retainer ?
this is the objective reason why clintonism can hardly be swayed by people like li teng - hui in asia .
its caution and restraint in asia are also based on the following objective factors : $number of all , there is no organization like nato in asia .
although there is the us - japan security treaty , and the $number troops under the us pacific command , it is extremely difficult for the united states to squeeze the countries of the region together and place them under its standard .
$number , it is difficult to find an opponent and theater in asia where a war could be completed " swiftly " and " without getting in deep . "
since the vietnam war , all us military intervention actions have been essentially characterized by " speed " and " not getting in deep " and have been aimed at weak and small opponents against whom success is easy , and fought in regions where it is easy to break off .
the peoples nurtured by history , nationality , and culture in asia , however , are completely the opposite of the standard opponents imagined by the united states .
$number , the greatest obstacle encountered by clintonism in asia is precedent when , far from achieving successful intervention , the united states has encountered serious failure in this region since world war ii .
for americans , military policy directed at asia has consistently been the most difficult to design .
here it is not so much the " victories " in the gulf and kosovo wars as rather the lessons of the korean and vietnam wars that play the role of historical experience .
as a result , the americans are unable to apply the iraq or kosovo pattern to resolve the problems of this region .
a number of countries with highly developed information technology [ it ] have emerged since $date , in the wake of the asymmetrical development of the world information field .
they exploit their monopoly status in information resources and the related industries to impose it control , penetrate by means of information resources , and dump information products in countries where it is relatively undeveloped , so as to attain their corresponding political , economic , and military goals .
this is the " information colonialism " phenomenon which this article raises .
the high development of it , and the full exploitation of information resources and the expansion of their volume have caused explosive growth in the amount of information in the world .
the total volume $date was $number times that of $number , and the volume available every day now is $number times that in the whole of $number .
handling , storing , disseminating , and using the ever - growing information resources has become an urgent problem in the world today .
political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
it is exported like capital , as an intellectual property right ; the information business has become a new growth point ; and in addition the development of the information industry is unbalanced - - these provide a hotbed for information colonizing .
according to relevant data , in the global information business , the united states accounts for $number percent of cpu output and $number percent of systems and parts , and there are now $number internet customers .
there are nearly $number large databanks in the world , $number percent of which are in the united states ; it can be said that they control most of the markets throughout the world .
in this regard , the french complained back $date : the entire french databank field is monopolized by the united states ; and $date , japan exclaimed : japan may be reduced to the status of america 's " information colony . "
for a long time now , international political activities and national and regional political activities have been limited within a certain scope , due to the impact of the volume of information disseminated and the speed of dissemination .
in the information society , international political and sociopolitical life is embedded in the computer information network , and all kinds of information media disseminate political events and information to the whole world as they happen , and it is no longer just politicians who take part in and influence politics ; political insecurity has thus increased ; the boundary between national and international politics tends to become blurred , national political security is affected and hit by international politics in varying degrees , and powerful information countries control information and sway international opinion , resulting in likely injustices .
the economy is the foundation on which a state and nation depends for its existence .
$number of the source of modern economic development and growth comes from the information industry .
output value of information industries of many developed western countries accounts for $number percent of their gnp , whereas in the developing countries the proportion is only $number , the scope is narrow , and the quality is poor .
thus , powerful information countries switch from exporting financial capital to exporting information capital and imposingly occupy the information field in backward countries , thus restricting the development of national information business there .
at the same time they pose a serious threat to the economic security of these countries .
the progress of it has also sparked changes in the world military scene .
war planning will truly be " the decider " and " the army that conquers without a battle , " and the role of the armed forces will be not only to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity ; preserving the security of information territory will also become a new function of the armed forces .
just after " windows $number " appeared , the australian navy discovered that this software has a mysterious " black box , " and once on the internet , it would quietly send mechanical information to the software headquarters .
and when a " windows $number " customer registers on the internet , the system will automatically collect the information in the customer 's computer , even personal distinguishing data .
it is also connected to a vast databank which collects information on customers , and when required , this databank can provide the customer 's secrets to political , economic , and military organizations .
by means of an internal sequence code , the pentium iii processor can compare the customer with the information that he gathers and decipher the identity and personal secrets of the customer ; or they can deliberately leave an embedded virus , and install hidden dangers such as concealed channels and codes that can recover code keys .
all this warns us that these spies on the net are more fearful than the " beauty snake . "
at present certain developing countries mainly depend on cpu imports ; the internet regions and names register tcp / ip dissemination agreements are all in us hands and can be " taken out and used " by someone ; in these circumstances , the security of the computer net and its information can hardly be guaranteed .
culture is an important foundation in preserving social stability .
the people of a given nation in a given age are living in a certain cultural pattern and cultivate their own human qualities .
norms of language , writing , beliefs , and morals have formed the cultural circle of each country and nation .
as the information net develops , countries importing information suffer powerful cultural blows .
on the international network at present , many valuable information resources are in english ; thus the english information on the net inevitably disseminates to non - english - speaking countries the modes of thought , behavior norms , and values of the english - speaking countries , dealing blows at their traditional culture , websites and internet bars have become the new locations where young people receive education and entertainment ; how can they choose the good and discard the bad when confronted with a complexity of strange information on the net ?
this cannot but arouse concern .
in the information age , information has become a major strategic resource , the information industry has become a country 's mainstay industry , information security has become the most important security element , and the information net has become a country 's important strategic infrastructure .
standing at the threshold of $date , people do not have only feelings of happiness ; it is evident from the uneven economic development and the countless conflicts and turmoil $date that high technology is the core of the competition in all - round national strength .
the developed countries have unfolded fierce competition in research and development , centering around " technological hegemony . "
the phenomenon of information colonialism will become an important motive cause in future war .
anyone who does not have information independence and sovereignty will not have true national independence and sovereignty .
without information security , there can be no national political , economic , and military security .
when mankind entered the industrial age , the chinese nation had its fill of the bitterness of colonialism and semi - colonialism , and such a state of affairs cannot be restaged when mankind enters the information age .
we must therefore have full rational awareness and strategic countermeasures .
chairman jiang has pointed out : " innovation is the soul of a nation 's progress and an inexhaustible motive force for the prosperity and development of a country . "
we should establish awareness of our own strength in information , tackle tough problems with the spirit of the " two bombs and one satellite , " follow the path of an information industry with chinese characteristics amid the great tide of world economic integration , intensify basic construction of information resources , and speed up the work of manufacturing computer software and hardware in china .
we should innovate and develop our national information industry , especially the research and development of chips and operational systems , so that china can stand tall amid the world information industry .
we should establish the concept of standing on our own feet .
those who become masters are not subject to control by others ; we should fully exploit the global information network to strengthen the impact of china 's information and open up our information space .
at the same time we should build our own backbone state political , military , and economic information network .
we must establish self - defense measures .
with regard to fire walls , circuit devices [ lu you qi , $number $number $number ] , website security devices and other information security items , we should as far as possible not import them if we have them in china .
on $date of this year , the number of patent applications across china topped the $number - million mark , and thus china has entered the world 's rank of big powers of patent applications .
china 's patent industry has made considerable progress in such areas as patent legislation , patent protection , and training and international exchanges in patent qualified people in a short span of $number years .
particularly in the last two years , as china 's market economic reform progresses , the number of patent applications at home and abroad has increased by a wide margin .
according to a briefing by a relevant responsible person from the state intellectual property rights bureau , the number of patent applications china handled $date and $number totaled $number and $number or an increase of $number percent and $number percent respectively from the previous year .
of the country 's total patent applications , the number of patent applications by scientific research units and institutions of higher learning increased by $number percent and $number percent respectively , while that of patent applications by enterprises at home also increased by $number percent and $number percent respectively .
the vigorous development of the patent industry will play a greater role in china 's future economic development .
an expert from the state intellectual property rights bureau stated : having superiority in patents is an important guarantee for gaining the initiative in competition .
strengthening patent work is an important measure to carry out strategic readjustment of the chinese economic structure .
this will help provide economic restructuring with advanced and applied inventions and innovations in large quantities as well as new technology , products , and equipment on the one hand and help the economy maintain relatively strong market competitiveness under patent protection , particularly it will help boost industrial competitiveness .
achieving a leap in technological development is an important target of china 's scientific and technological progress and technological innovation and also the only way to expedite china 's modernization .
state intellectual property rights office director jiang ying also pointed out : it will help vigorously push technological innovation activities among enterprises , scientific research units , and institutions of higher learning to carry out patent work throughout the entire process of technological innovation .
although china has achieved marked results in its patent industry over the last $number years , its patents are comparatively limited in terms of technology , quality , and size .
$number , the fundamental reason for china 's limited patent size lies in its source .
the number of high - quality inventions , that is , inventions that can bring about relatively high benefits , is too limited .
this being the case , the key to solving the problem of patent quantity lies in improving the scientific and technological level as a whole on which china relies for its patents .
otherwise , in a situation in which the number of research achievements to be patented is limited ; their quality is poor , and their capability to generate profits is limited , problems that can be solved are always limited even though patent conceptions are so well popularized .
$number , efforts should be made to solve the problems of improving the quality and efficiency of patent work , lowering the cost of patent applications , and shortening the period of applying patents for inventions .
$number , the actual protection of intellectual property rights should be enhanced .
to spark the desire of scientists and technicians for innovations , it is very important to implement a paten - rewarding mechanism . this will help form a benign circle in technological innovation activities among enterprises .
to encourage its scientific research personnel 's enthusiasm for innovations , the shanghai petrochemical engineering designing institute of the china petrochemical group corporation formulated relevant provisions on rewarding patents and inventions , stressing that anyone whose patent application is approved by the institute 's department in charge of patent will be given an award of $number yuan and that anyone who clinches a foreign - related patent for his invention will be given an award of $number yuan .
the institute issued a total of $number yuan in awards for patent applicants $number .
every time after their patent were implemented , patent holders would have the right to acquire the payment for the implementation of their patented technology .
the payment will be issued cumulatively to patent holders at a rate of between $number percent to $number percent of the actual profits generated by the technology or products formed through the implementation of their patented technology .
the publication and implementation of these numerous policies has thus powerfully mobilized the enthusiasm of the institute 's scientific research personnel for innovations . as china 's entry into the world trade organization is approaching , patent departments in china are facing greater pressures .
therefore , it is all the more necessary to enhance the quality and international competitiveness of patent work , further safeguard national sovereignty and economic security , and promote social progress .
news of successes from the daya bay power station has continued to pour in since the beginning of the new year : - - it generated $number kilowatt hours of electricity $date , creating a new record in annual output for a nuclear power plant . - - guangdong 's $number nuclear power station - - the lingao nuclear power station - - which was developed with daya bay nuclear power station 's accumulation funds , completed its building projects as scheduled . - - two nuclear power generating units of the daya bay nuclear power station recorded an average period of safe operation of $number days , ranking $number in the competition for safe operation with the $number generating units of the same type of the electricite de france . - - operation of the no. $number generating unit of the daya bay power station , which had operated safely for $number days in succession , was suspended on $date to conduct its $number reloading and overhaul .
in addition , the no. $number generating unit operated safely for $number days in succession and was reloaded and overhauled as planned last year . achieving safety in operation without suspending the operation of both the machines and the reactors of the two generating units within a reloading cycle , the daya bay nuclear power station was in the best operation status .
why is it that the daya bay nuclear power station can be ranked among the best nuclear power plants in the world ?
liu xicai , president of the daya bay nuclear power station , attributed the achievement to the high starting point , the wise central policy decisions to import advanced and well - developed $number kilowatt - class large commercial nuclear power technology and equipment comprehensively and build and manage them in line with the international standards , and the long period of efforts of the staff to persistently conduct innovation , pursue excellency , and catch up with and surpass the advanced levels of the world .
establish the modern enterprise system and successfully probe the way of scientific management of enterprises in which the state has a controlling interest .
the two $number kilowatt - class nuclear power generating units of the daya bay nuclear power station are like two " money printing machines " operating around the clock , each of which creates more than $ $number in output value every day .
the daya bay nuclear power station earned $ $number in foreign exchange and created $number yuan in profits and taxes $date .
with such an enormous amount of profits , is the daya bay power station very lavish in spending ?
when briefed by staff of the daya bay power station , the reporters found that the briefing materials they used were printed on both sides while those distributed to us were printed on one side only .
to feed our curiosity , they explained that printing on both sides of the paper of materials for internal use was to reduce cost , and printing on one side of the paper of materials for external use was to show respect to their guests .
the sense of cost and the extent of meticulous management of the staff of the daya bay power station can be seen from this !
the official name of the daya bay nuclear power station is guangdong nuclear power joint venture company , of which $number percent of the stocks are owned by the state and the remaining $number percent by hong kong china electric power company .
most authoritative in the joint venture company is not its president but its rules , systems , and procedures .
the joint venture company has strict rules , systems , and execution procedures for all its work , from the procurement of staple materials and the suspension , reloading , and overhaul of nuclear power generating units to the distribution of labor insurance goods and small gifts to guests .
if not permitted by systems and procedures , even its president cannot use a penny or any material .
degai [ name as transliterated ] , a foreign expert who had worked in the daya bay power station , said that in a certain sense , what the power station produced was not electricity but documents , because everything had rules to follow and was restricted by procedures .
implementation of rules , systems , and work procedures hinges on man .
to prevent and correct the practice of abusing power to violate systems and procedures , the daya bay power station has learned from advanced enterprise management expertise from abroad and established an auditing department directly responsible to its board of directors .
chief auditor xu chuanshun told the reporters that the power station 's auditing department was not only a " mr. account examiner " responsible for past auditing of the revenue and the expenditure , but it was also a doctor in charge of the operation of the company and a risk adviser , who carried out the internal control function and management auditing and had the authority to audit any department of the company .
the influence of the auditing department can be seen everywhere in the daya bay power station .
the joint venture company 's xerox machines were reduced $number last year because the auditing department discovered that the actual volume of copies printed by the company 's xerox machines was lower than the suggested volume of the machine provider , which was a waste of resources .
more than $number tonnes of substandard concrete iron placed on the work site of the lingao nuclear power station were not transported out . the auditing department issued a notice of correction as soon as it discovered this .
a nuclear safety culture deeply rooted in people 's hearts , a protective screen more secure than steel - reinforced concrete nuclear power is a clean and highly efficient source of energy .
however , $number percent safety should be ensured .
the daya bay power station 's nuclear reactors , which are of the world 's safest type , have three protective screens to prevent nuclear leakage even in earthquake or hit by a high - speed small plane . even with such capability , however , the power station has still put nuclear safety $number and never lowered vigilance .
in the daya bay nuclear power station , strict procedures should be followed even in repairing a simple valve : filling in a work slip on what the problem is , by whom , when , and where it is found , and the deadline for the repair ; writing an explanatory memorandum in which the maintenance engineer writes down the position of the valve in the blueprint , its function , his opinions on the repair , and the brand of the new valve to replace the old ; issuing an isolation notice instructing personnel concerned to close down relevant systems ; and filling in a repair record as soon as tests are conducted after the maintenance personnel fix the problem .
the daya bay nuclear power station has a clear regulation which permits errors in work but not lies to cover up the errors , because lies will lead to still greater mishaps or hidden dangers .
on one occasion , leakage of lubricant was discovered on a gas turbine after a grade - seven maintenance worker completed the overhaul of its filter screen .
an inspection showed that an insertion ring was missing .
the director of the production department immediately pointed out in a serious manner that errors in work were nothing to be afraid of as long as people clearly explained the true situation and took measures in a timely manner ; but those who lied and caused a hidden danger in production safety would be dismissed as soon as this was discovered .
sensing the seriousness of the problem , the worker admitted that he dropped the insertion ring into the filter screen out of carelessness .
the maintenance department immediately organized personnel to conduct analysis and study and adopted timely measures to eliminate the hidden danger .
since then , an atmosphere has been established in the power station in which people begin with speaking the truth when they want to correct an error .
it is in such detailed workflow , strict rules and systems , and the sense of safety deeply rooted in workers ' hearts that the nuclear safety culture of the daya bay nuclear power station is reflected .
outside the main control room of the no. $number generating unit , the reporters saw some banners , reading " do everything successfully at one stroke , make every person a protective screen " and " it is safety not the market that decides everything . "
the nuclear safety culture deeply rooted in people 's hearts has laid a solid foundation for the safe operation of the daya bay nuclear power station .
$date , the number of unplanned suspensions of operation of the two nuclear reactors and power generating units at the power station was " $number , " and all the major operation indicators of the power station reached the world 's advanced level .
using the nuclear power station to support nuclear power development and achieving continuous development , the daya bay nuclear power station has become the incubator of guangdong 's nuclear power development .
" using nuclear power stations to support nuclear power development and achieving continuous development " is a principle that central leading comrades formulated for guangdong 's nuclear power development .
to suit this purpose , the state council decided to establish the guangdong nuclear power group company to control the stocks of the daya bay nuclear power station on behalf of the state and to actively use the capital and manpower resources of the power station to continuously develop guangdong 's nuclear power industries .
zan yunlong , the major planner and builder of the daya bay nuclear power station , was appointed chairman of the board of directors and concurrently president of the guangdong nuclear power group company .
represented by zan yunlong , the staff of the daya bay nuclear power station deeply understand and resolutely implement the central decision on turning the daya bay nuclear power station into a incubator of guangdong 's nuclear power development . they are building $number nuclear power station - - the lingao nuclear power station - - on the daya bay coast and are actively creating favorable conditions for the construction of guangdong 's $number nuclear power station - - the yangjiang nuclear power station .
the no. $number reactor of the lingao nuclear power station was successfully built on $date , with the vault $number meters in diameter and $number tonnes in weight - - of the nuclear island being slowly lifted by a large crane and accurately placed in the predetermined position to successfully connect with the body of the nuclear island .
by then , the building projects of the lingao nuclear power station had been successfully completed , and the main part of the project entered the period of installation .
as a notable distinction from the construction of the daya bay nuclear power station , few high - nosed and blue - eyed foreigners are seen at the work site of the lingao nuclear power station . decision - making power has been basically achieved in the earthworks construction of the main part of the project .
according to fan heming , president of the lingao nuclear power limited company , who was transferred from the daya bay nuclear power station , judging from the technological index , the two $number - million - kilowatt pressurized water reactors under construction were not a simple " duplication " of the daya bay nuclear power station , but are an improvement based on the technological foundation of the daya bay nuclear power station .
in the construction of the lingao nuclear power station , however , chinese personnel are the main force , and only a few foreign experts have been invited to serve as advisers . the overall design , project management and construction , equipment installation and tests , and production preparations and training have been by and large conducted by chinese personnel independently ; and significant progress has also been made in the domestic manufacturing of the equipment of the power station . $number of the total cost of the lingao nuclear power station is borne by domestic manufacturing enterprises , and the corresponding technological content is as high as $number percent , thus making contributions to domestic technological advance and expansion of domestic demand .
in the construction of the lingao nuclear power station , the principle of " putting safety and quality $number " has been strictly implemented , and quality , progress , investment control has been exercised across the board to ensure that best quality and efficiency are achieved in construction and equipment .
in $date last year , the company sent a group of experts , including two academicians , to europe to inspect equipment manufacturing . it discovered a quality problem in an important component which was being built . fan heming went to europe immediately to discuss with the manufacturer on production of a new component .
zan yunlung , chairman of the board of directors and concurrently president of the guangdong nuclear power group company , told the reporters with confidence : " with sufficient capital and personnel resources of the daya bay nuclear power station and independent construction experience of the lingao nuclear power station , guangdong 's nuclear power industry has entered a golden age of development . "
beijing $date ( xinhua ) - - over the past year , in accordance with the policy of " peaceful reunification and one country two systems , " president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , and the principle of intensifying exchanges , promoting friendship , expanding consensus , developing cooperation , and promoting reunification , the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] has actively carried out all kinds of work , extensively united with hong kong , macao and , the taiwan people , as well as overseas chinese , and played an important role in advancing the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the return of macao to the motherland last year was a major event of the chinese nation . the national cppcc committee successfully organized and positively participated in a series of activities marking the handover of macao .
the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee printed and distributed to the committee members at the beginning of last year the relevant materials on macao 's history and status quo and the important speeches on the handover of macao . it held forums and report meetings to greet the return of macao , received delegations from the macao economic , educational , and youth circles , and sent people on many occasions to participate in celebration activities organized by relevant mass organizations in macao .
as related , the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee under the national cppcc committee last year designated the work towards taiwan as the priority of its work .
on the occasion marking the $number anniversary of president jiang zemin 's important speech on the taiwan issue , the committee and the relevant central departments jointly held large - scale commemorative forums .
following that , they also held special study and discussion meetings to further study president jiang 's important speech and the relevant central policies on taiwan issue . some committee members talked freely about their experience in attending the cross - strait exchange .
early $date last year , the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee held a joint work meeting attended by chairmen of the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committees of $number provincial and city cppcc committees and responsible persons of the central committee of the revolutionary committee of the chinese kuomintang , the central committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league , and the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots . it listened to situation briefings given by relevant responsible persons , defined taiwan businessmen 's mainland investment situation as a major task , and conducted joint investigation and study nationwide .
while conducting questionnaire surveys in $number provinces and cities , the committee members also sent special groups to suzhou and kunshan in jiangsu , and shenzhen and dongguan in guangdong , to conduct investigations and make reports .
they held forums with relevant responsible persons of seven ministries and commissions , including the state economic and trade commission , to discuss problems discovered in the course of investigation , and offered some suggestions for resolving relevant problems .
the national cppcc committee also held experience exchange meetings with various provincial , municipal , and regional cppcc committees on hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese work , exchanged the situations of the cppcc committees in all localities in promoting the taiwan investment work , and explored the new characteristics , new problems , and the due role played by the cppcc under the new situation .
the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee combined investigation and study with the efforts to help taiwan businessmen eliminate difficulties and anxiety , organized cppcc committee members to visit taiwan - invested enterprises and communicated with relevant departments to solve problems arising with taiwan businessmen 's investments and operations .
in addition , the committee also successively sent visiting groups to taiwan to conduct extensive contacts and exchanges with the taiwan business circles .
after lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] trotted out the " two - state theory , " the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee of the national cppcc committee issued a solemn statement and held forums to reiterate the one - china principle and strongly condemn taiwan authorities ' act of attempting to split the motherland .
during their foreign visits , responsible persons of the committee and some committee members conducted extensive contacts with taiwan compatriots overseas and criticized lee teng - hui 's words and deeds of splitting the motherland along with the local chinese community .
many committee members also actively wrote and published articles and participated in activities to criticize the " two - state theory . "
as related , the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee of the national cppcc committee last year received $number delegations , totaling some $number people , from hong kong , macao , and taiwan , and of overseas chinese . three delegations from the committee were invited to visit abroad and meet with some $number hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese mass organizations and institutions , some $number people in all .
the committee briefed the hong kong , macao , and taiwan personages and overseas chinese on the great achievements of the motherland 's reform and opening up as well as its principles and policies on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " and earnestly listened to their opinions and suggestions .
at the time when the $number national day and the cppcc anniversaries were celebrated , this committee also invited and received $number representatives of hong kong , macao , taiwan and overseas chinese compatriots to beijing to attend celebration activities .
the israeli government claimed that the places israel has raided are bases of the lebanese hezbollah guerrillas and the air raids have been a retaliatory act against hezbollah 's attacks of israel 's " security zone " in southern lebanon which caused injuries and deaths of several israeli soldiers .
however , reports from lebanon indicated that lebanon 's major power stations and some other civilian facilities were destroyed , dozens of civilians were injured during the bombings , and lebanon 's economy has suffered serious losses .
israel 's air raids have triggered anger and condemnations among all lebanese .
the lebanese government also submitted a petition letter to un secretary general annan asking the international community to stop israel from repeatedly invading lebanon .
the international community , especially the arab world , also has shown strong concern for israel 's bombings of lebanon 's civilian facilities , causing injuries of civilians , and has criticized one after another israel 's such " reckless invasion act " .
public opinion has widely held that , at the current critical moment when the middle east peace process is facing a trial , israel 's air raids not only have worsened its relations with lebanon , but also will jeopardize the entire middle east region 's peace process .
$date , israel ended its invasive war with lebanon . but , citing need to ensure security in the northern part of its country , israel established in lebanon 's southern border area a " security zone " of $number square km .
to oppose israel 's illegal occupation , the lebanese hezbollah has carried out an armed resistance struggle .
since the beginning of this year , fighting has continued to erupt in the " security zone , " and , over a short period of the last two weeks , six israeli soldiers were killed .
personnel casualties triggered a strong response in israel and voices asking troop withdrawal from the zone have become increasingly loud .
to lessen domestic pressures , the barak government chose retaliatory air raids in an attempt to reverse the situation .
but , things have turned out to be just the opposite . the bombings not only have not lowered tensions in southern lebanon ; on the contrary , they have deepened hostility between israel and lebanon .
on the night of $date , after israel carried out $number round of air raids in the early morning , hezbollah guerrillas claimed that they launched another assault against israel 's " security zone , " killing one israeli soldier and injuring two .
lebanese prime minister huss resolutely said : it is israel that has failed to abide by the cease - fire agreement of understanding reached between the two countries in $date and launched the air raids . but the air raids cannot shake the lebanese people 's determination to resist and attack israel 's occupation .
the air raids also have not done any good to israel 's northern border .
to prevent the hezbollah 's retaliation , the israeli government had no alternative but announce a state of emergency in the northern part of the country . as a result , schools , factories , and enterprises there have closed , average daily economic losses have amounted to $number us dollars , and $number percent of residents in the border area have fled their homes to escape from the hezbollah 's missile attacks .
syria , as an ally of lebanon in opposing israel 's illegal occupation , has made particularly strong responses to israel 's air raids .
on the morning of $date , syrian foreign minister shara had a telephone contact with huss . they unanimously demanded holding a special meeting of the five - nation committee , which consists of the united states , france , lebanon , syria , and israel , for monitoring cease - fire in southern lebanon , to find a way to stop israel 's air raids .
in $date last year , with us mediation , syria and israel began to resume peace talks .
but , after two rounds of talks , because israel refused to make a commitment on delimiting israel - syria borderline based on the control line of $date and on withdrawing all israeli troops from the golan height , syria refused to continue the peace talks .
now , when israel and syria are attacking and criticizing each other for being responsible for the deadlock of the peace talks , israel blatantly bombed lebanon .
this undoubtedly has worsened syrian - israeli relations , making the prospects of the peace talks , which already have been at a standstill , even dimmer .
what needs to be pointed out is that the lebanon issue is closely related to palestine - israel peace talks and the entire middle east peace process . therefore , obviously israel 's air raids of lebanon also will jeopardize palestine - israel peace talks .
the palestine issue is an important link in the regional peace process .
according to the " sharm el sheikh memorandum " reached between palestine and israel in $date last year , the two sides will sign on $date this year a framework agreement on the final - status issue and will reach a permanent peace treaty in $date this year .
however , over a period that just passed , talks between the two sides on the final - status issue have proceeded very slowly and little progress has been made , and currently they basically are in standstill .
after israel began the air raids , palestine immediately made a strong response , expressing indignation over israel 's arrogant act of ignoring the regional peace process .
it has been learned that , the united states , france , and other parties concerned have privately initiated diplomatic activities in an effort to prevent the situation in southern lebanon from getting out of control .
however , obviously it will be very difficult to push all parties concerned to the negotiation table while the armed conflict is going on .
upholding the balance of rights and obligations has been one of the three basic principles that china has consistently upheld during the $number years of applying to rejoin gatt and join the wto .
whether in the negotiating process or in the future when china becomes a formal member of the wto , china follows the principle of balance of rights and obligations , and while enjoying the rights of the multilateral trade system , it will carry out its corresponding obligations , to promote the continual new development of our reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
balance of rights and obligations an important wto characteristic the wto is one of the three main international economic organizations in the world today , and it plays an important role in spurring world trade liberalization , organizing multilateral trade negotiations , handling international trade disputes , and so on .
viewing the basic functions of the wto , an important characteristic is the balance of rights and obligations ; between its different members , rights and obligations are mutual and are also basically balanced .
all wto accords and articles have been adopted by its members through negotiations and agreed on the basis of reaching unity through consultations .
any member must while enjoying the rights also undertake the corresponding obligations , so that rights and obligations are basically in balance .
of course , the balance of rights and obligations is not simply reciprocal in terms of volume , but is the comprehensive balance of various actual and potential interests and of short and long - term interests ; nor is it just embodied in one agreement , but the package of wto agreements embody the comprehensive balance of the rights and obligations of all wto members .
the wto legal system is basically composed of basic principles and exceptions to these principles .
on the basis of abiding by the basic principles and carrying out their corresponding obligations , wto members can also , under the necessary conditions , make use of the exclusion clauses to protect their own rights and interests .
according to these clauses , when wto members encounter serious imbalance of international payments , or when economic development requires the government to adopt interventionist policies , and so on , they can temporarily readjust their corresponding obligations in order to ensure their economic stability and development .
the wto has also laid down that when a certain member is fulfilling its obligations , if there is a big increase in the amount of goods and services it imports from other members which causes serious damage or the threat of serious damage , it can apply to the wto for a temporary suspension of or amendment of its corresponding obligations , in order to preserve its interests .
the wto advocates promoting trade liberalization , but it is not a free trade organization , and any specific level and progress of lowering trade barriers and opening up markets must be determined through negotiations , in order to embody the balance of rights and obligations .
the wto demands that its members lower trade barriers so that trade can become more free , thus enabling the members to fully exploit their relative advantages and lead forward economic growth through trade development .
trade liberalization , however , has conditions ; the wto permits its members , especially the developing countries , to gradually achieve trade liberalization in line with their own economic and trade situation and competitiveness , to facilitate the provision of opportunities for their domestic industrial restructuring .
if trade disputes occur between wto members , they can have recourse to the disputes settlement mechanism , and these will be adjudicated by specially composed groups of experts ; the adjudication has the force of compulsion , and all members whatever their size must be constrained by it and execute it .
this has to a very great extent changed the situation in which major treading nations dominated dispute settlement , and gives a certain degree of protection to the interests of developing countries .
at present there are $number members of the wto , and developing countries and regions account for $number percent of membership .
changes are now occurring in the wto membership structure , and the developing countries are now able to play a certain role in upholding their interests in the organization ; for example , during the uruguay round negotiations , due to the role played by the developing countries , the developed countries undertook to completely abolish $date their textile quotas aimed at the developing countries .
the developing countries have also realized that only through participation and cooperation can they gradually change the irrational and unfair international economic order ; this is precisely one of the main reasons why many developing countries join the wto .
uphold balance between rights and obligations when china joins the wto beginning $date , in its $number - year negotiating process for rejoining gatt and joining the wto , china has consistently upheld the principle of balancing rights and obligations .
joining wto is for the sake of promoting our reform and opening up and the development of our national economy , and it is also in order to promote economic and trade cooperation between china and other countries and regions in the world , to spur the stable development of world economy , and also to make our own contribution toward establishing a fair and rational international economic order .
as an applicant to join the wto , in order to enjoy the fruits of the wto members in opening up markets , reducing tariffs , and lowering other trade barriers , china must also undertake corresponding obligations through negotiations regarding the sectors of our markets to be opened up and the degree and speed of this opening up .
generally speaking , the obligations carried out should correspond to the rights enjoyed ; we will not accept a price that exceeds what we can bear , but must achieve balance of rights and obligations .
in the negotiations that we have already completed with $number countries , we have consistently upheld the balance of rights and obligations , and the agreements reached have been agreements in which " both sides are winners , " that is , we have preserved our interests , and have also embodied the basic demands of the wto by matching the interests of others .
according to the principle of balancing rights and obligations , as soon as china joins the wto , it will be able to enjoy the multilateral , bilateral , and unconditional most favored nation treatment provided by the wto ; enjoy the fruits of trade liberalization in other countries and regions ; take part in drawing up international trade rules ; and take advantage of the wto 's multilateral dispute settlement mechanism to preserve china 's interests .
while enjoying these rights , however , we must also carry out the corresponding obligations , including abiding by wto rules when formulating laws and regulations , increasing transparency , instituting national treatment , and reducing administrative intervention ; in opening up markets , we must gradually reduce tariffs , abolish nontariff measures , and gradually open up the services market , and so on .
since the launch of reform and opening up , china 's all - round national strength has increased , and its impact on world economy and trade has continually expanded ; the wto is incomplete without china 's participation , nor does such a situation benefit world economic development .
it is precisely because of this that we have justification and ability to ensure the balance of rights and obligations in the negotiating process .
in the negotiations for china to rejoin gatt and join the wto , we have consistently upheld the principle that china is a developing country , and that we can only join the wto under the conditions for developing countries .
according to the relevant wto provisions , developing countries will in some respects enjoy differentials and favored treatment that are different from the developed countries .
for instance , during the transition period , taking information technology products as an example , developed countries need to lower their tariffs to zero $date , while for developing countries the period can be extended $date .
these transition periods are extremely important for easing the pressure on opening up markets and gaining time for readjustment and development .
to ensure china 's basic interests , in the negotiations for rejoining gatt and joining the wto , china has consistently proceeded from our national condition and upheld the dominant role of our government in the process of opening up to the world ; insisted on orderly and gradual opening up of markets ; and insisted on balance of rights and obligations .
thus the results of the negotiations will ultimately benefit china 's reform and opening up and help to preserve our economic security .
correctly understand the balance of rights , obligations when china joins the wto after china joins the wto , the rights we enjoy and the obligations we must undertake are one and the same .
china 's accession to the wto , its observance of wto rules , and its execution of the obligations on market opening which we have given in the negotiations will provide still better and still more stable opportunities for other countries and regions to gain entry into our market .
the field of investment in opening up to the world will further expand , foreign - funded enterprises will gradually enjoy national treatment , and the investment environment will become more relaxed , transparent , and stable .
this will undoubtedly bring still more returns for foreign investors .
in order to gain this right of opportunity to enter china 's market , wto members must also carry out their obligations regarding china , thus laying a stable foundation for long - term economic and trade development between china and other countries and regions .
regarding the question of the balance of rights and obligations in china 's accession to the wto , we must uphold dialectical materialism and look at it from the viewpoint of development ; rights and obligations are not immutable .
on the one hand , the multilateral trade setup is itself changing , and many new accords reached in the uruguay round have defined for members the relationship between rights and obligations in these new fields , and will continue to impel the process of liberalizing world trade and investment in the imminent new round of multilateral trade negotiations .
on the other hand , china 's economy is also developing rapidly , and our capacity to understand , adapt to , and sustain the opening of markets and international rules is also changing all the time .
since china has successfully carried out the policy of reform and opening up , and especially since $date , our all - round national and economic strength has markedly increased .
china 's foreign trade has grown rapidly , and we have a certain foreign exchange reserve ; the increase in economic exchanges and the interflow of economic information has continually enhanced the ability of government departments to handle economic problems ; and china has made major progress in enterprises ' reform , and their competitiveness and capacity to withstand risks has been strengthened somewhat through participating in the fierce international and domestic market competition .
all this gives us the confidence to be able to enjoy our rights and undertake our obligations after china joins the wto , and will also ensure that opening up to the world proceeds in an orderly way and that we can indeed uphold china 's fundamental interests and economic security .
after china joins the wto , we must become familiar with and grasp its rules as quickly as possible , and change to the maximum the rights that we enjoy into actual interests for promoting our economic development .
we must seriously treat the challenges that wto accession may bring ; transform pressure into motive force through reforms ; speed up the achievement of the two fundamental changes ; improve the management standards of our enterprises as quickly as possible ; impel the establishment of a modern enterprise system ; create a mechanism for equal competition ; achieve rational resource allocation ; promote the restructuring and industrial upgrading of all sectors ; and improve the international competitiveness of the industries and service trades concerned .
at the same time , we must do a good job in handling the relationship between observing international rules and carrying out our international obligations on the one hand and ensuring national security and upholding economic stability on the other .
given the correct leadership of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , and given the many years of successful experience in reform and opening up , so long as we are ideologically united , attach great importance to the issues , make good preparations , and consistently uphold the balance of rights and obligations , we will certainly be able to fully seize the opportunity of joining the wto to promote the continual development of our reform , opening up , and national economy .
he said the agricultural restructuring will be market - oriented , the objective is to improve the quality and returns of agricultural goods , and the restructuring will proceed in farming , animal husbandry , and aquaculture all at the same time .
to succeed in adjusting the agricultural structure , chen yaobang said : $number of all , we will adjust the farming structure .
with respect to regional layouts , coastal areas in the east and outskirts of large and medium cities will develop modern agriculture to produce export - oriented agricultural goods .
areas in central china , to give play to their high productivity of food grain , will establish large , efficiently managed bases that produce commercial grain and process grain for feed and other purposes .
with regard to the mix of crops , we will appropriately reduce the acreage for cotton , sugar - bearing crops , and tobacco ; maintain the bases for producing grain , cotton , and sugar - bearing crops ; and gradually develop western china into large , specialized belts and zones engaged in intensive production of economic crops . with respect to crop variety and quality , we will develop food grain of good quality and grain to be processed into animal feed and other products . we will act as quickly as possible to replace the inferior strains of early rice in southern china , winter wheat in areas south of the chang jiang , and spring wheat in northeast china .
we will also develop the production of quality soybean in northeast china . $number , we will promote animal husbandry and turn it into a large industry .
eastern china and the outskirts of large cities will actively develop production of scale .
they will also develop intensive processing of livestock products and speed up the pace of modernizing their animal husbandry .
to promote industrialization of animal husbandry , we will make efforts to improve the three major operations - - breeding good species , controlling epidemics , and producing animal feed .
$number , we will continue to optimize the structure of fishing operations .
we will strictly control the their intensity and continue to enforce the " zero growth " plan .
$number , we will give full scope to the role of agricultural machinery in adjusting the agricultural structure .
meanwhile , we will tighten the management of various trades with guidelines and speed up setting up the systems governing market information and agricultural standards .
bangkok , $date - - $number united nations conference on trade and development [ unctad ] was convened on $date in bangkok , thailand .
it marked $number global economic meeting of the new century and was convened under circumstances of stepped up economic globalization , further widening of gap between the rich and poor and north and south , and strong urge from the developing countries to establish a new international economic order .
at the meeting 's inaugural ceremony , people could not forget the unpleasant and fruitless minister - level wto meeting in seattle in the united states at the end of last year .
the result of that meeting fully demonstrated the heightened conflict between the developing and the developed countries in the ways they handled global economic affairs .
as united nations secretary - general kofi annan said at the inaugural ceremony on the $number , the developing countries are more united , and are playing a even bigger role , than ever before in their negotiations to promote trade and on matters of establishing a more reasonable multilateral trade system . but the governments of some developed countries have been engaging in endless bickering and even encouraging some acts of trade protectionism , and as a result , the millennium multilateral trade negotiations have been unable to make headway .
people deeply realize that this is the time for the international society to seriously consider how to establish a new international economic and trade order , and they have high expectations in this conference on trade and development that traditionally carries the voice of the developing countries , hoping that this bangkok meeting can mend the rift left by the seattle meeting and that together they can find an effective way to solve today 's world economic and trade problems .
one of the main challenges facing the unctad today is how to deal with the issue of economic globalization .
the progress in science and technology and information technology has accelerated the global exchange of commodities , manpower , capital , talent , and markets ; this trend of economic globalization will prevail .
judging by today 's situation , economic globalization not only has accelerated global economic development but also has widened the gap between the rich and the poor worldwide .
according to a united nations development program 's $number " human development report , " the developed countries which have one - $number of the world population also account for $number percent of the global output value and $number percent of the world markets , compared to the developing countries ' $number percent and $number percent shares , although the latter account for three - quarters of the world population .
according to a conference on trade and development publication , it will cost $ $number to make sure everybody in the world receives the most basic education , but the american consumers spend that much each year on cosmetics alone .
even more shocking is the fact that it will only cost $ $number to give everybody in the least developed countries the basic health care protection , while the united states and the european countries spend that much feeding their pets each year .
it is clear that as the world 's total wealth soars , the gap between the developed and the developing countries is also widening .
therefore in the course of economic globalization , it is essential to promptly set up a fair and reasonable new international economic order to remedy the defects brought by the globalization process .
for this reason , everybody is hoping that the conference on trade and development can come up with the strategic guiding principle to help the developing countries to develop even faster in the new century and formulate a more fair and reasonable trade system that is favorable to the developing countries .
development is another issue facing the conference on trade and development , and as far as the developing countries are concerned , development naturally is the number one issue .
if the developing countries fail to develop , there will be no peace or prosperity in the world .
today , the developing countries as a whole have become the source of world economic growth , but fund shortages , backward technologies , lack of qualified management personnel , poor infrastructure , and other problems are seriously hampering the developing countries ' economic growth .
meanwhile the developed countries which have the most to gain in the globalization process and which are rich in capital and advanced technologies have the responsibility and the obligation to help the developing countries . they should not stand by with folded arms , even less should they only watch out for their own interest and keep the big pie of economic globalization all to themselves .
the developed countries should tilt more toward the developing countries in terms of providing capital , transferring technologies , training more qualified people , and opening up their markets , so that the developing countries can reap more benefits from economic globalization .
[ fbis translated text ] beijing , $date ( wen wei po ) - - the other day , a responsible person of the state planning commission revealed here in beijing that according to the plan formulated at the economic work conference , the government will endeavor to bring about a rational pickup in the overall price level this year and intends to set the anticipated target rate of increase in the overall consumer price level for this year at $number percent . meanwhile , in order to cater to the changes in china 's economic development and meet the demand of converging with the international market , it also intends to stop setting an anticipated target for the overall commodity retail price level starting this year .
he pointed out : price regulation and control $date should not only strive to bring about an appropriate and rational pickup in the overall price level to boost the confidence of investors and consumers in the market , but also pay attention to monitoring and controlling any signs of excessive price hikes that may occur in some areas .
it is necessary to give full consideration to the reality of increasing numbers of laid - off employees , a slowdown in the growth of peasants ' income , and the declining overall tolerance levels of society ; control well the pace of reform ; and adjust any irrational commodity and service prices at the right time to the right extent .
this responsible person maintained that bringing about a rational rally in the overall price level can change the consumer mentality of " buying when prices rise and not buying when prices fall " and boost the growth of aggregate social demand ; increasing the profits from product sales by enterprises and stabilizing the prices of agricultural and sideline products is conducive to the growth of urban and rural residents ' income and the increase in consumer expenditure .
naturally , however , a rally in the overall price level may also have a certain impact on the lives of low - income residents , but as long as the rate of increase in the overall price level is rationally controlled to ensure that some commodity and service prices go down while others go up , it will not affect the living standards of residents .
this responsible person revealed that it is necessary to set the prices fixed by the government and the guide prices suggested by the government in a rational way this year so as to encourage residents to increase their consumption .
price discounts shall be offered to electricity consumption in excess of a certain amount , so as to increase electricity consumption ; the telephone setup fee shall continue to be lowered ; seasonal or period floating prices shall be introduced for passenger tickets for some sections of the railway network , so as to encourage competition in railway and highway transportation ; discounts on civil aviation passenger tickets shall be regulated and the excessively high prices of some " hot " airline tickets shall be lowered so as to help expand the air transport market .
efforts shall be made to continue to lower the prices of housing , travel , and medicines and telephone monthly rentals and call charges in rural areas ; reduce or waive charges for the purchase , registration , and usage of cars , so as to stimulate consumption in related areas and services , through such means as cleaning up arbitrary imposition of fees , introducing price competition , and strengthening cost controls in enterprises .
he pointed out : it is necessary to intensify the reform of prices and fees this year and let prices that are suitable for decontrolling be determined by the supply and demand in the marketplace in a timely manner .
it is necessary to continue to scrap the measures for provisional monitoring and examination of some market prices that were put in place during the period of inflation ; amend and promulgate pricing catalogues at both the central and the provincial levels ; and introduce a hearing system for pricing decisions made by the government . so far , the prices of the majority of commodities in china have been decontrolled and a minority of commodities whose prices have not been decontrolled are mostly in the monopolized industries .
this responsible person said : steps will be taken this year to set about studying how to reform the price formation mechanism in these industries .
for example , competitive grid entry prices will be introduced on an experimental basis in the power industry to restrain the construction investment and operating costs of power plants .
the reform of the rural electricity price control system and the transformation of the rural power grid will be accelerated , introducing the same price on the same grid for both urban and rural areas in phases and in batches .
the price formation mechanism for crude oil and finished oil products shall be perfected to encourage oil and petrochemical companies to engage in rational competition .
a mechanism of competition shall be introduced in telecommunications , railway , civil aviation , and urban public transport industries and a hearing system for pricing decisions established to restrain the costs of enterprises in these industries .
china 's civil aviation industry has achieved sustained , high - speed growth since the reform . however , the chinese civil aviation industry 's major indices are extremely low in proportion to the world totals .
$date , airline companies around the world had a business income of $ $number . adding the $number yuan income of enterprises under the civil aviation general administration of china [ caac ] and the income of non - caac - affiliated enterprises and we got a total of less than $ $number , which accounted for only $number percent of the world total and could not even match the income ( $ $number ) of the u.s. airways group , inc . , which ranked $number in the world in terms of operating revenues , alone .
the greatest part of the air market ( resources ) is monopolized by the air force ( the military ) in the name of security and sovereign right over territorial sky ( air ) . as a result , the usable air resources and civil aviation market in china are artificially , significantly reduced . in the united states , less than $number percent of the air resources are held by the military and $number percent are utilized by the civil aviation industry . $number .
china has few civil aircraft , which are of a low utilization rate . $number .
china 's general aviation ( meaning aerial photography , remote measurement , mineral prospecting , petroleum services , rainmaking , aerial forest protection , afforestation by aerial sowing , agricultural and pastoral sowing , and aerial chemicals spraying in agriculture and forestry ) market is extremely small in size and in a state of contraction .
$date , proceeds from general aviation only accounted for $number percent of the income of caac - affiliated enterprises .
the civil aviation industry is one of the emerging industries that are capital - and high - technology - intensive and have the greatest potential for development and is also one of the most important industries with a considerable spillover effect .
$date , according to statistics , caac - affiliated enterprises alone had an income of $number yuan ( dropping to $number yuan $date ) . if local civil aviation enterprises ' incomes were added to it , the total would come to $number yuan at the least .
the average annual indirect income should come to $number to $number yuan if calculated according to a ratio of one - to - two to three ( a conservative estimate ) between direct incomes from civil aviation and the indirect incomes ( tourist , insurance , and postal earnings for instance ) .
government administration remains integrated with enterprise management the civil aviation industry is one of the few industries in present - day china that still retain the planned economy 's characteristic of integrating government administration with enterprise management .
after having practiced semi - militarized management for a long period of time , it is having overlapping organizations and a large number of redundant personnel and there is an acute contradiction between its conventional , backward management system and the advanced , modern technology .
in this connection , i suggest removing provincial civil aviation administrative bodies and putting into practice a model of vertical administration of the regions by the state , establishing a unified system of air regulation in civil aviation , and strengthening investment in air control systems and insofar as possible adopting the world 's most advanced air control techniques and equipment .
structural reform in civil aviation will have the direct effect of significantly increasing the flight and productive hours of aircraft and airport utilization rate without the purchase of new aircraft .
it is necessary to accelerate the transformation of civil aviation administrative departments ' functions .
it is hard to understand why to this day the caac is still assigning transportation and production plans to its affiliated enterprises ; directly intervening in the enterprises ' business operations ; carrying on examination and approval of personnel , finance , and goods and materials ; and appointing and removing enterprise leaders . at the core of structural reform in civil aviation is the separation of government administration from enterprise management and a shift [ of the administrative function ] from running and regulating enterprises to running and regulating the market .
civil aviation enterprises should be completely separated from the civil aviation administration and establish a modern enterprise system .
civil aviation prices are too high thanks to the accelerated pace in technological advancement , the worldwide revolution in transportation is prominently reflected in the significant decline in aviation costs and prices , constant improvements in the quality of service , and continuous decline in transportation time .
however , china has followed a trend contrary to the development of the world civil aviation industry which sees a constant rise in the unit cost of transportation that causes a corresponding rise in the unit price of transportation .
china 's carriage income per metric ton - kilometer , which stood at renminbi $number yuan $date , peaked at $number yuan $date , roughly doubling that $date , and then continually declined to $number yuan $date . airfares on domestic routes rose $number percent from $number through $number , averaging an annual increase of $number percent .
china 's airfare per passenger kilometer is fairly high by world standards and , still more , extremely expensive in relation to its level of per capita gdp or per capita consumption expenditure . the development of the civil aviation industry not only has not benefited society at large but instead has increased trading costs throughout society .
on the face of it , the surplus transport capacity in china 's civil aviation appears to have been caused by insufficient effective demand . in essence , it is caused by an excessive price level and cost of market access that are artificially , greatly restraining a consumer market expansion in the civil aviation industry .
as the airfares rise further , the seat utilization rate would decline further , the unit cost of flight would rise further , and the amount of losses would expand further .
this is a " suicidal " pricing policy as well as the root of vicious market competitions .
we should make it very clear that the civil aviation industry cannot rely on a policy of artificially forcing up airfares to cut losses , as this would be done at the direct or indirect expense of higher costs in other industries ( tourism in particular ) and , more importantly , would directly harm the vast number of consumers .
accelerate reform to greet wto accession the acceleration of the domestic air transportation market 's integration to greet the globalization of the international market and improve the international competitiveness of chinese civil aviation enterprises is the chinese civil aviation industry 's basic development trend $date as well as the fundamental objective of structural reform in civil aviation .
$number , it is necessary to make an early , rational division between military , civilian , and military - civilian joint controls of the air .
$number , it is necessary to give priority to opening up the domestic air transportation market to promote the integration of the domestic air transportation market .
$number , it is necessary to sell domestic air route rights by open auction to encourage competition and remove the monopoly and privileges of caac - affiliated enterprises .
$number , it is necessary to encourage competitive civil aviation enterprises in the country to engage in strategic cooperation and alliance with transnational civil aviation companies .
in short , the key to structural reform in civil aviation lies in separating government administration from enterprise management , establishing a modern enterprise system , bringing in a mechanism of market competition , drawing up rules and policies for fair competition , breaking up the situation where a few enterprises monopolize all air routes ( including international routes ) , implementing a low - airfare policy that is based on the relation between supply and demand in the market , guaranteeing the lives and safety of the vast number of passengers , and accelerating the restructuring of state - owned civil aviation enterprises and strengthening their internal management . we can then enhance competitiveness and greet the wto accession as well as more intense international competitions .
in future , the government ( the caac in particular ) will no longer be the representative of the interests of the $number civil aviation producers in the country and will shift its focus to protecting the interests of the vast number of consumers .
in order to implement jiang zemin 's directive , a beijing insider disclosed , zhongnanhai has worked out specific plans for the work $date , which include the following : $number , it is necessary to strengthen ideological and political building of the leading bodies , strictly administer the party , and exercise management over the leading cadres .
$number , it is necessary to step up reform of state enterprises and on the whole put an end to enterprise deficits and turn deficits into profits .
$number , it is necessary to step up the building of the legal system , earnestly rule the country by law , and resolutely correct and punish the practices and individuals involved in meddling in the legal system .
$number , it is necessary to have a sense of timing and urgency in settling the question of taiwan , place the issue on the agenda , and resolutely attack and never yield to the separatists .
$number , it is necessary to start the work of developing the west in an all - round way . we should offer support in policy , funds , and human resources . as this is strategic work , it should be carried out without delay .
$number , we should go all out to attack the sects and sham science , which harm the state and the people . we should also crack down on the illegal organizations and confrontational forces that undermine the legal system and social order under various pretexts .
$number , the focus of the anticorruption struggle will be the investigation of the party , government , and law enforcement departments in violating law in the economic and financial fields .
$number , the provincial party and government leading bodies should undergo readjustment and reinforcement . in line with the required standards , it is necessary to strictly select and choose cadres and never practice favoritism .
senior cadres should be punished if they violate law [ subhead ] zhongnanhai has particularly stressed the necessity of strictly administrating the party , starting this work from the organization , and establishing and perfecting the system of seeking responsibility of the cadres involved in dereliction of duty , the insider said . besides emphasizing that senior level cadres and celebrities should be sternly punished if they violate the law , zhongnanhai also admonished the relatives and children of senior level cadres , expecting them to abide by the law .
viewed from the working plans , figures from beijing 's political circles believe that there will be new progress in this year 's anticorruption struggle .
the attack on sects will be equated with that on hostile forces , which means that china will not soften its measures towards the sects because of us hegemonist meddling .
more than a month ago , the chinese government resumed the exercise of its sovereignty over macao .
this is a great event of the chinese nation , which happened after hong kong 's return to the motherland , marking a new stage in the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the solving of the taiwan issue has been placed more prominently before us .
further studying and implementing the important speech by president jiang zemin entitled " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland " will be of paramount importance to enhancing our sense of historical responsibility for the reunification of the country and a sense of urgency , to guiding us to do a good job in the cross - century work with taiwan , and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland and the comprehensive rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
they urged the taiwan authorities to seize the opportunity and make bona fide response .
despite the ups and downs in the situation across the taiwan straits over the past five years , the compatriots at home and abroad , inspired and propelled by president jiang 's speech , made common efforts to boost cross - strait relationship through a tortuous course . seen from the contacts and exchanges between macao and taiwan , since the opening of navigation between macao and taiwan in $date , the number off taiwan compatriots coming to macao had increased from $number $date to $number $date , a $number - fold increase .
the number of taiwan compatriots who traveled to the mainland via macao by air exceeded $number . the compatriots coming and leaving the mainland via macao had exceeded $number .
the figure drastically increased from a few hundred thousand $date to $number $date , a $number - fold increase .
the total volume of trade between macao and taiwan had gone up from $ $number $date to over $ $number $date .
the main line that runs through the speech of president jiang is the upholding of the principles of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " .
the $number - point proposal is the inheritance of these principles and planning in the new situation .
practice over the past five years shows that the " one country , two systems " is a historical choice and the best method and realistic road to the accomplishment of the great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland .
the " one country , two systems " principle was $number put forward for resolving the taiwan issue , but it was $number put into practice in hong kong .
over the past two years and more since hong kong 's return to the motherland , " hong kong people governing hong kong " and a high degree of autonomy has been fully carried out , compounded by the maintenance of social stability , continued economic prosperity , and a steady rise in the region 's international status .
the vast numbers of hong kong residents and the international community have spoken highly of the implementation of " one country , two systems " in hong kong .
after hong kong 's homecoming , the chinese government has now resumed the exercise of sovereignty over macao .
the steady transition of macao and the smooth handover of power is another successful practice of the " one country , two systems " concept .
from the process of the drafting of the macao basic law , solution of the transition issues , and establishment of the macao special administration region [ msar ] , the compatriots who have personally participated in and witnessed the reversion of macao have profoundly realized the determination and sincerity of the central government in implementing the " one country , two systems " policy , specifically felt the benefits brought by the policy , and supported the system from the bottom of their hearts .
at present , the msar government headed by edmund ho hau wah is properly operating administration according to law .
macao compatriots , as masters of their own affairs , are taking an active part in social affairs , macao is full of vitality and has a bright future .
the principle of " one country , two systems " is applicable to hong kong and macao , as well as to taiwan .
hong kong and macao have many points in common with taiwan .
hong kong , macao and taiwan are all chinese territory , are separate from the mainland of the motherland due to historical reasons , they all institute the capitalist system , reunification can be realized by a peaceful method through consultation and negotiation for all of them , the two different systems can be allowed to coexist for a long period of time to come .
of course , the taiwan issue has its particularity aside from the questions of hong kong and macao .
the issues of hong kong and macao are historical questions that resulted from foreign colonialist aggression against and occupation of china .
the issues of hong kong and macao were resolved through the diplomatic means of negotiation .
the taiwan issue should be solved by conducting political negotiations and consultations between the two sides of the straits under the one china principle .
because there exist differences between the characteristics of taiwan and those of hong kong and macao , the concrete way to solve the taiwan issue by the method of " one country , two systems " can be more relaxed than that for hong kong and macao .
president jiang 's $number - point proposal sincerely calls for conducting negotiations on peaceful reunification between the two sides of the strait on the premise of the one china principle , on which any question can be discussed .
people of insight in taiwan should respond to president jiang 's proposal as soon as possible and carry out cross - strait dialog and negotiation .
since china could hold talks with the united kingdom and portugal and successfully resolve the questions of hong kong and macao , why can 't the fraternal brothers across the taiwan straits hold talks and seek a common understanding ?
with the deepening of the great practice of " one country , two systems " and the dispelling of differences through negotiations , the " one country , two systems " policy , which is the best option , will eventually win the understanding of the vast number of taiwan compatriots .
now that direct exchanges of mail , trade , and air and shipping services have not been realized between the two sides of the strait , macao has served as one of the important bridges for cross - strait ties and exchanges .
it is very easy for taiwan visitors to come to macao and they may enter and stay in macao for $number days without any visa .
thanks to the cross - strait air service introduced by macao airlines , macao 's role as an important channel between the two sides of the taiwan straits has become more prominent .
after macao 's return to the motherland , the relationship between the msar and the region of taiwan has become a special component part of the cross - strait relationship .
the nongovernmental exchanges between macao and taiwan meet the needs of mutual benefit .
with a view to guiding the healthy development of the macao - taiwan relationship , the central government , based on president jiang 's $number - point proposal on developing cross - strait ties and promoting the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland , has announced the basic principles and policies for handling macao 's taiwan - related issues $date .
their basic spirit is to adhere to the " one country , two systems " principle and , under the one china principle , maintain and develop nongovernmental contacts and exchanges between macao and taiwan and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of macao and taiwan compatriots .
regarding taiwan institutions and personnel in macao , they are requested to abide by the macao basic law and not to engage in activities contravening the one china principle .
these principles and policies are the ground for the msar to deal with affairs related to taiwan and also the guarantee and norm for carrying out macao - taiwan exchanges and activities .
for a long time in the past , people of various circles and social organizations in macao , in the activities of contacts and exchanges between macao and taiwan , have done a great deal of work for promoting the peaceful reunification of the mainland and taiwan .
in his important speech on taiwan , president jiang spoke highly of the contribution made by hong kong and macao compatriots and the chinese nationals abroad .
we believe that macao compatriots with a glorious tradition of patriotism will make continued efforts to actively participate in the various tasks for the application of the " one country , two systems " , devote their resources to the steady development of macao and play a still greater role in developing cross - strait relationship .
macao , as $number station in the process of reunification of the motherland , plays the role of connecting link between what comes before and what goes after .
the application of the " one country , two systems " in macao has exerted positive influence on taiwan .
shenzhen , $date ( xinhua ) - - li peng , member of the politburo of the cpc central committee and chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , has conducted investigation and study at shenzhen in recent days .
this year marks the $number anniversary of the establishment of the shenzhen special economic zone [ sez ] ; li peng fully endorsed the tremendous achievements of the sez in the past $number years and expressed the hope that this , the youngest city in the world , will seriously implement general secretary jiang zemin 's instruction on " create new strong points and climb one floor higher " ; while speeding up economic construction , it should continue to strengthen the building of spiritual civilization , do a good job in administering the city according to law , and strive to build shenzhen into a civilized and beautiful modern city in the world .
in the springtime of the year of the dragon , flower - decked shenzhen is imbued with a joyful and celebratory atmosphere .
accompanied by li changchun , member of the politburo of the cpc central committee and secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee ; zou jiahua , vice chairman of the npc standing committee ; guangdong governor lu ruihua ; zhu senlin , chairman of the guangdong provincial people 's congress ; zhang gaoli , secretary of the shenzhen city cpc committee ; and shenzhen mayor li zilin , li peng inspected yantian port , the guangdong nuclear power consortium , shenzhen high - tech industrial park , shenzhen mock - up university park , and the changcheng computer company , and also viewed the city 's plans and appearance ; he went into enterprises , commercial streets , and residential areas and extended new year greetings to the masses .
$date li peng gladly wrote the inscription " yantian port , pearl of the south " for yantian port which was then under construction .
today this place has become one of the mainland 's largest ocean - going container freight ports .
last year the port handled $number containers , a figure which lifted the port into the status of china 's $number largest container port .
li peng endorsed the success of the port in construction and operations , and expressed the hope that the port will play a still more positive role in stimulating economic development in shenzhen and south china .
on $date li peng inspected the guangdong daya bay nuclear power station and also viewed the construction site of the lingao nuclear plant ; he met representatives of guangdong nuclear power and of units participating in nuclear power station construction and production services , and listened to a report delivered by zan yunlong , chairman of the board of the guangdong nuclear power consortium , on guangdong nuclear power construction , production , and development .
the daya bay nuclear plant ( that is , no . $number ) has reached international operating standards ; $number percent of its $number kilowatts of on - line capacity could be used $date ; there were no unplanned stoppages in the two generator sets ; its income from sales over the year was $number yuan , it earned $ $number in foreign exchange , its profits and taxes amounted to $number yuan , and the no . $number plant has already repaid $ $number in capital and interest since being commissioned , representing $number percent of its debt .
$number stage of the lingao nuclear power plant ( that is , no . $number ) is proceeding smoothly , and the work has switched from foundation work to installation .
li peng said that guangdong nuclear power has achieved great success in recent years , and i hope you will continue to work hard and do still better .
there are always difficulties when advancing , but you already have a quite strong economic and talent basis and experience , so you can forge ahead with full confidence .
speaking on the development of guangdong nuclear power , li peng said that care must be taken to build the no . $number plant project and ensure it is up to the mark in quality and capacity .
regarding the no . $number plant , i advocate on - the - spot expansion ; the advantage is that this will ensure safety and also save money .
we are relatively familiar with and have relatively abundant experience in and mastery of the type of reactor and technology of the daya bay plant .
li peng demanded that china speed up its own capability in nuclear power construction ; he also hoped that guangdong nuclear power will provide experience for china 's nuclear power construction .
on $date , li peng listened to work reports delivered by the shenzhen city cpc committee and government and also held a forum with responsible managers and technical staff of a number of high - tech enterprises ; he asked in detail about the situation regarding the development of high - tech products in these enterprises and held discussions on developing high - tech industry and speeding up economic development in shenzhen .
high - tech industry is the industry with greatest development prospects in shenzhen ; last year output value of these industries was $number yuan [ as received ] , accounting for $number percent of total industrial output value .
li peng said that the development of high - tech industry has spurred the restructuring of the economy and industry , and shenzhen 's methods and experiences merit summing up .
in developing high - tech industries , apart from factors such as funds , technology , and talent , it is also necessary to have a good mechanism ; the government 's role in macroeconomic regulation and control is also extremely important in marked economy conditions .
li peng said that in recent years shenzhen has seriously implemented general secretary jiang zemin 's instruction on " create new strong points and climb one floor higher , " and has made great progress ; it has developed into a modern city on an initial scale , and it ranks $number in all - round economic strength among large and medium - sized cities in the whole country .
the course of shenzhen 's development has been unusual ; it is the result of the guidance of deng xiaoping theory , the correct leadership of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , and the common efforts of the $number people of shenzhen .
he pointed out that in recent years shenzhen has summoned up resolve to vigorously tackle the building of spiritual civilization and cracked down hard on pornography , gambling , and narcotics , thus creating a good social environment .
li peng emphasized that pornography , gambling , and narcotics cannot bring economic prosperity , but on the contrary will affect economic development , hence , sweeping away pornography , gambling , and narcotics must be tackled with ceaseless efforts ; under the socialist system it is completely possible for the building of the two civilizations to stimulate each other in common development .
li peng also pointed out that the more the economy develops , the more necessary it is to administer the city according to law .
the state has granted shenzhen local legislative powers , and shenzhen must take advantage of this strong point to do still better in administering the city according to law .
li peng hoped that the shenzhen people 's congress will actively explore supervision according to law , so as to promote administration and fair adjudication according to law .
[ fbis translated text ] the complete success of the maiden flight of shenzhou [ magic vessel ] , a manned experimental spacecraft developed by china itself , evoked strong response inside china and overseas . the flight is of great significance to increasing our country 's international prestige , strengthening national defense and upholding the motherland 's security and unity , and increasing the centripetal force and rallying power of chinese nationality inside china and overseas .
the space industry , which is a high - technology industry in the high - technology field , involves wide - ranging fields such as communications , materials , structures , computers , energies , and medicines , and plays a very powerful role in spurring the nation 's overall scientific and technological development .
today , this newspaper organized people from some relevant industries and units to talk freely and to their hearts content about the great plan of using scientific education to vitalize the country and increase the national strength , and offer this to readers .
at the beginning of the new year , this reporter visited shen chunnian [ $number $number $number ] , chairman of china space foundation .
in his simple and unadorned office , the old hand at spaceflight who in those years served as the director of the taiyuan satellite launch center , and was later appointed vice minister of the former state commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense , happily picked up a model of the shenzhou experimental spacecraft , and talked about the development of china 's space and national industries .
chairman shen is an eyewitness to china 's space development .
he said : china 's space industry has appeared from nothingness and grown into today 's high - technology industry that has scored brilliant achievements . each step of its development was based on self - reliance , and depended on china 's own scientific and technological strength , as well as great cooperation between all trades and professions in the country .
china 's space industry can be described as the model of development of china 's national industry .
chairman shen had the good fortune to participate in the early planning of our country 's manned space flight project .
now and again , he became excited when talking about the successful launch and recovery of the shenzhou experimental spacecraft .
he said : the manned space flight project is a massive and complicated systematic project that concentrates today 's high and new technologies . at present , only the united states and russia have the ability to conduct manned space flights .
our country 's complete success in $number launch of the experimental manned spacecraft is yet another miracle created by the chinese nation , which relies totally on its own intelligence and wisdom , and again proved that china 's space industry - - a rising national industry - - has exuberant vitality .
chairman shen opined : the development of china 's space industry has given beneficial inspiration and experience to our national industrial sector , particularly scientific and technological enterprises .
as the chairman of the china space foundation , he has always thought about how the foundation could do its bit in the development of china 's national industry .
its aims are to serve space undertakings and national defense building ; to be oriented to all units and personnel in the country who undertake space research and development , production , and experiments , or cooperate with and complement such work ; to encourage and reward meritorious personnel who make outstanding contributions to china 's space undertakings and national defense building ; to sponsor space - related academic exchanges and training of skilled space personnel ; to support the research and development of space science and technology ; and to promote the development of national defense strength .
funds for the foundation have mainly come from voluntary donations from china 's and overseas enterprises , groups , and individuals that show concern for and support the development of china 's space undertakings .
he opined : the china space foundation should also become the bridge between china 's space industry and national enterprises , and provide useful scientific and technological resources for the development of enterprises by capitalizing on the scientific and technological edge of china 's space industry .
he said : as the high technology among all high technologies , the space industry involves a wide range of high , sophisticated , and advanced technologies , and sets a very high demand on rockets , satellites , spacecraft communications , materials , computers , energies , medicine , and many other fields . if with the help of enterprises we transform scientific and technological achievements in these aspects into products and productive forces that serve society and the masses , we will benefit the state and society , and will also promote the development of national industry .
at the same time , enterprises can also provide the required products and technologies to the space industry .
the foundation will make wholehearted contributions to strengthen the connections , links , and understanding between china 's space industry and national enterprises , and enable china 's space industry and national enterprises to soar together .
the successful launch and return of the china - designed " shenzhou " spacecraft last $date marked a major historic breakthrough in china 's technology for manned space missions .
when the good news reached our company , we felt a deep sense of pride for china 's space scientists , who relied on their own efforts to scale this world pinnacle of technology . this encouraged and inspired us to work harder and make contributions at our respective posts .
with the rapid development of economic globalization and knowledge economy today , competition of overall national strength is essentially a competition of technological innovation .
an important reason why we have been able to score such a splendid achievement in space technology is that we persist in technological innovation and are committed to conquering the frontiers of high technology in the world .
as an enterprise , competition in the market mainly finds expression in technological competition .
whoever grasps the latest technology grasps the source of economic growth .
we are deeply aware of this when we look back over the course of our company 's development over the past few decades .
the nanjing automation company , ltd . of the china power company is $number listed high - tech company of the state electric power system .
relying on scientific innovation and technological innovation , we have developed china 's $number transistor line - relay protective device , $number digital tele - control equipment , and $number digital line protective device for $number - bit computers over the past few decades . so far we have won $number scientific and technological achievement awards at the national , provincial , or ministry levels . our dominant products are among the best in the country and are up to international advanced standards .
we mainly owe these scientific and technological achievements to our adherence to the party 's scientific and technological policies and respect to knowledge and talent .
our enterprise embarked on the road of benign development through our vigorous effort to promote scientific and technological innovation and create a fine environment for the development of new high - tech industries . at present , our products are used in the electricity , water conservancy , aerospace , aviation , metallurgical , petrochemical and environmental protection industries .
our advanced technological achievements are used in key national project , such as the qinshan nuclear power station , the daya bay nuclear power station , the chengdu - kunming railway , the three gorges and gezhouba dams , and the xiaolangdi and ertan water conservancy hubs .
our products have all entered the international market and have achieved eye - catching results in china 's foreign - aid projects .
electricity must set the pace for economic development .
there are close ties between the power industry and the national economy .
just like china 's space scientists , we must vigorously carry forward the spirit of " cherishing the motherland , making selfless contributions , working hard through self reliance , making all - out and coordinated efforts , and showing courage in scaling the peaks " as shown in the development of " atomic and hydrogen bombs and satellites , " further bring into play the strength of science and technology , tap and produce great internal potential , and develop more advanced products that are top - notch in the world in order to bring benefit to society and serve the motherland .
at the same time , we must strengthen ties with the space industry and other scientific and technological departments , fully develop and utilize frontier space science and high technologies through technological exchanges and cooperation , and share our resources and technologies in order to make greater contributions toward the take - off of our power and hi - tech industries in the new millennium .
nanjing , $date ( xinhua ) - - general chi haotian , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councillor , and defense minister , today cordially comforted ji rongzhen , mother of ji qi , a " hardbone fighter in the new period , " on behalf of the central military commission .
chi haotian , who is inspecting work in nanjing military region [ mr ] , thanked her for bringing up a good son and sending a good soldier to the people 's army , saying she is worthy of the title " model mother in loving the country and supporting the army . "
ji rongzhen is a laid - off woman worker living in tuoluo town , zhenhai district , ningbo city , zhejiang .
after her husband died of illness , she endured all kinds of hardships to raise her son and then sent him to the army after he grew up .
she also worked outside her native place to earn a living so that her son could concentrate on making contributions to the army .
when ji qi became terminally ill , she raised money by herself to lessen the burden on the army .
even though she suffered all kinds of hardships in life , she has never changed her faith and continued to love the country and support the army .
chi haotian told ji rongzhen : you and your son 's advanced deeds have aroused strong responses in the entire army and nation . i am deeply moved by your patriotism and your support of the army .
your son had outstanding performance fighting the jiujiang flood in the forefront . he fainted $number times while fighting the flood in the dike . he also joined the party and performed meritorious service on the waterfront . his tenacious struggle and unyielding spirit are well worth of learning by us .
in our great country , heroes have been coming forth in large numbers . during the revolutionary war period , we had yong guanxiu as a model mother of our soldiers . now , we have you as a " model mother in loving the country and supporting the army " and your son as a " hardbone fighter in the new period . "
all officers and men should learn from you and your son .
with tears in her eyes , ji rongzhen held chi haotian 's hands and told him with great emotions : ji qi has served in the army for only three years . he did what he was expected to do , and yet the army has given him such a great honor .
since he became ill , he has received care and help from the army and all sectors of society in every possible way .
without the love of the army and society , he could not have lived today . i am sincerely grateful to the party and the army !
nanjing mr commander liang guanglie and political commissar fang zuqi joined chi haotian in comforting ji rongzhen .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the ministry of education issued a circular today , calling on all local education administrative departments and the institutions of higher learning directly under the ministry to organize the cadres and teachers of the education department to seriously study renmin ribao commentator 's article entitled " all members of society should concern themselves with and give support to education undertakings " and to further strengthen and improve educational work .
the ministry 's circular points out : in zhejiang province recently , a senior middle school student beat his mother to death because he could not endure the pressure brought to bear on him by the ranking on his report card and by his parents ; and two junior middle school students trying to extort money hacked a schoolmate to death .
in henan province , a teacher in charge of a class [ similar to home - room teacher ] was beaten by a group of people led by a student 's parent just because the teacher did not rate that student as a " three - good [ good in physical health , academics and work ] student " and make him the leader of a young pioneers battalion .
the aforesaid incidents reflect serious problems of youth education in some families and schools and in the society at present and deserve a high degree of attention .
renmin ribao on $date published a commentator 's article entitled " all members of society should concern themselves with and give support to education undertakings . "
viewing the matter in a strategic national destiny and national rejuvenation perspective , the article profoundly pointed out that correctly guiding and helping young students grow up healthy and sound and enabling them to develop in an all - round way - - morally , intellectually , physically , and aesthetically - - is a major issue that has a bearing on the direction of china 's education development . it called on all members of the society to concern themselves with and support education undertakings and to attach a high degree of importance to doing ideological work among young students .
the ministry of education has made the following demands : $number . the education administrative departments at all levels and schools of all categories and all levels should in the near future organize education administrative cadres , school principals , teachers and other educational workers to seriously study the important renmin ribao commentator 's article ; in conjunction with implementing the spirit of $number national educational work conference , they should hold a great discussion on how to follow the correct direction of education and clarify the educational thinking ; and through study and discussion , they should unify their thinking and understanding , know the correct direction of education , clarify the educational thinking , and earnestly strengthen and improve the educational work . $number .
schools of all categories and all levels should attach a high degree of importance to and further strengthen the students ' ideological and political education , moral character education , education in discipline and education in the legal system .
it is necessary to purposefully carry out an education in patriotism , collectivism , and socialism to help the students cultivate correct world outlook , outlook on life , and values .
it is necessary to actively organize the students to participate in community service and social practice , improve their social experience , and cultivate their hard - working spirit and indomitable will .
it is necessary to actively conduct mental health education to help and guide the students in cultivating good moral character and behavioral habits and to enable them to handle well any contradictions and problems they encounter with respect to study , job skill training , job hunting , and interpersonal relationships . $number .
greater efforts should be made to reduce the excessive burden of middle and primary school students and ensure success in this regard .
now , some students ' class work is too heavy , yielding great psychological pressure on them . this will not help young students to grow up healthy and sound ; instead , it tends to create problems in various areas .
a further step should be taken to implement the spirit of the teleconference on reducing excessive burden of middle and primary school students , the spirit of the " urgent circular on reducing excessive burden of primary school students " issued by the ministry of education , and a series of provisions for " reducing students ' burden . "
starting immediately after this spring term begins , all middle schools and primary schools must resolutely abolish the practice of publishing students ' test score rankings . $number .
it is necessary to strengthen the teacher ranks and constantly improve the teachers ' ideological , political and professional quality .
teachers should be guided to acquire correct values , know the importance of quality education and personnel training , enhance their sense of social mission in teaching to cultivate people and in setting a good example with their own conduct , and enhance their sense of responsibility for respecting , cherishing and protecting students .
after this year 's spring term begins , all localities should generally hold a teachers ' work ethics inspection , and whoever violates work ethics should be sternly dealt with . $number .
it is necessary to provide scientific guidance for family education and actively seek the parents ' support and cooperation in educational work .
after the spring term begins , all middle and primary schools , education administrative departments and relevant organizations should publicize the government 's educational policy and the correct educational thinking and methods to the parents , exchange with them or introduce to them the experience of educating children scientifically , guide them to take a correct attitude toward education and know the true meaning of talent , and guide their eagerness to see their children succeed in life to the right direction . $number .
it is necessary to make all members of society concern themselves with and support the educational work and create a good social environment for cultivating people .
a determination must be made to improve order in schools and the public order surrounding schools , resolutely combat crimes that harm young students ' healthy growth , and ensure that the students have a quiet , harmonious , and healthy study environment .
pinning hopes on the taiwan people , who have a glorious tradition of patriotism , for the realization of the complete reunification of the motherland is a consistent proposition of our party and government as well as one of the important ideologies stated in the important speech of president jiang zemin $date on " making continued efforts to fulfill the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
president jiang also expounded this ideology in detail in the report to the subsequent $number party congress ( $number ) and in a speech given at the new year tea party held by the chinese people 's political consultative conference .
pinning our hopes on the taiwan people for the realization of national reunification is determined by the nature , basic stand , and purpose of our party .
according to the basic viewpoint of historical materialism , the people , and only the people , have the power to create history .
as a believer in historical materialism and the one representing the interest of the broad masses of people , the communist party of china [ cpc ] has always paid attention to the role played by the people , fully believed in , relied on , and united with the people , and persisted in following the mass line .
in resolving the taiwan issue and to realize peaceful unification , surely we have to hold talks with the taiwan authorities .
but the party and government have all along stressed that it would " all the more pin hopes on the taiwan people . "
the words " all the more " fully reflect that we have paid attention to and respected the opinions and role of the taiwan people .
the basic principles of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " that we have formulated gives full consideration to the immediate interests of the taiwan people and ensures that their fundamental interests will not be harmed ; whether it is in the process of reunification or after the realization of reunification , we " will fully respect the wish of the taiwan compatriots of being masters of their own affairs and their demands for developing political democracy , protecting and safeguarding the immediate interests of the taiwan people . " we will listen to their views and demands and help them resolve difficulties . more than that , we have put forward our proposition of " all the more pinning hopes on the taiwan people . "
i understand that this proposition of " all the more pinning hopes on the taiwan people " is mainly manifested in two aspects : $number . we would like to have contacts and exchange views with all political parties and groups , mass organizations , and personages in taiwan who are in favor of the one - china principle and developing cross - strait relations , and increase confidence and dispel misgivings ; $number . in the process of holding talks on peaceful reunification , we can absorb the participation of all political parties and groups , mass organizations , and representative figures on both sides of the strait .
in other words , in addition to allowing taiwan compatriots to reflect their views of developing cross - strait relations and realizing reunification at any time to the party and government , they may also be allowed to participate in the cross - strait talks .
" all the more pinning hopes on the taiwan people " is not only an idea ; it also has a specific content .
the cpc and the chinese government have paid attention to the role of the taiwan people in the process of resolving the taiwan issue and wholeheartedly relied on the taiwan people . any unbiased people can be seen in the development of cross - strait relations over the years .
for a long time , the broad masses of taiwan compatriots have made indelible contributions to and played an important role in ending the man - made separation on both sides of the strait at an early date , breaking the deadlock of cross - strait military confrontation , propelling contacts between people on both sides of the strait and exchanges and cooperation in all fields , and promoting direct " three links " and cross - strait contacts , dialogue and consultations .
it was precisely because of the protest and efforts of countless home - sick veteran soldiers that the taiwan authorities were forced to allow taiwan people to return to the mainland to visit relatives at the end of $number . due to the growing number of proprietors of taiwan medium - sized and small enterprises who have made investments and set up plants in the mainland via $number places , the taiwan authorities were forced to gradually open up cross - strait economic contacts .
it can be said that each policy relaxation of the taiwan authorities on cross - strait relations and exchanges was the result of the taiwan compatriots ' contention . it is a fact seen by all that the taiwan authorities ' mainland policy has always been pulled forward by the taiwan people .
taiwan compatriots are also the core force opposing separation and " taiwan independence . "
the relevant taiwan authorities have conducted many opinion polls to support their policies and proposals on splittism .
regarding these polls , only by making in - depth analysis can we see through the appearance to perceive the essence .
indeed , due to the long - term distortion , misleading , and slanderous propaganda of the taiwan authorities and the " pro - taiwan independence " forces , some taiwan compatriots have been unable to correctly understand the real content of mainland china 's policies towards taiwan , and have misunderstandings . and as a result , this makes some of the taiwan compatriots temporarily disagree with accepting mainland china 's principles and policies towards taiwan . nevertheless , the overwhelming majority of taiwan compatriots are not in favor of splittism and they take a clear - cut stand against " taiwan independence . " it is also an indisputable fact that seeking peace , stability , and development , and hoping to maintain the status quo , is the common psychology of taiwan compatriots .
it was because of the broad masses of taiwan compatriots ' profound will of safeguarding reunification and opposing splittism that lee teng - hui [ li denghui } restrained himself while engaging in splittist activities and the democratic progressive party looked squarely at the reality that " taiwan independence is a poison affecting the garnering of votes . " so time and again they put forward the so - called " new middle line " and other slogans and made strategic adjustments in their " taiwan independence " advocacy in an effort to gain votes by cheating .
we can say that taiwan people have played an important role in safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity and guaranteeing that the status of taiwan as part of china must not be changed .
we believe that as the lies are being gradually laid bare and the truth is being increasingly brought into daylight , more and more taiwan compatriots will increase their understanding of the situation in the mainland through exchanges and contacts between the two sides of the strait and see through the plot of the island 's separatist and " taiwan independence " forces , realizing that the " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems , " policy is the best method for resolving the taiwan issue , a policy that really gives consideration to the interests of the taiwan people .
at present , the situation in taiwan island is complicated and changeable , and the development of the cross - strait relationship is now at a crucial moment .
in his speech given at the forum marking $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang 's eight - point proposal , vice premier qian qichen said : we will continue to implement the basic principle of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " and president jiang 's eight - point proposal , and we will do our utmost and try every possible way to strive for resolving the taiwan issue by peaceful means .
this fully demonstrates our utter sincerity for bringing about peaceful reunification .
but , if the separatist and " taiwan independence " forces within the island obstinately cling to their own course , trying by various ways to separate taiwan from china and create " taiwan independence , " then we cannot but adopt resolute measures .
that " taiwan independence " would only lead to war is not alarmist talk .
for the sake of the overall interests of the chinese nation and the fundamental and long - term interests of the taiwan compatriots themselves , we hope that the taiwan authorities will go into action and make their choice beneficial to peaceful reunification on the cardinal issues of right and wrong concerning taiwan 's future and play their due role in this regard .
compatriots on the both sides of the strait should unite to oppose division , stop the plot for " taiwan independence , " and join efforts to strive for a bright prospect of peaceful reunification .
hong kong , $date (zts) - - beijing 's " jiefangjun bao " published a long article on $date , pointing out that if the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill passed by the us house becomes law , it will only incite " taiwan independence " forces into making reckless moves , thereby greatly increasing the possibility of cross - strait and sino - us military conflicts and bringing disastrous consequences to sino - us relations .
if the bill becomes law , it will free the united states from the restrictions of the " $date communique " and specifically make the united states ' security promises to taiwan into laws .
once events happen in the taiwan strait , the law will provide a legal basis for us armed interference . the article says : the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill passed by the us house is $number legal document regulating us - taiwan relations following the " taiwan relations act . " this indicates that anti - china personages in the united states hope that the bill will be used as a new central point to restrict china .
upon china 's entry into the wto , the " most - favored - nation treatment , " a weapon the united states has consistently relied upon to contain china , will longer exist . further , it is difficult for the united states to win the support of western countries with another weapon - - the motion condemning china 's human rights situation , thus leading to its repeated defeats at un human rights meetings .
during the current " vacuum period " wherein there is no way to contain china , enhancing its relations with taiwan , particularly military cooperation , is undoubtedly a kind of restraint on china .
the us house 's passage of the " taiwan security enhancement law " bill at this crucial moment of taiwan 's " presidential " election is clearly meant to deter china . the bill clearly and unmistakably tells china that if the mainland takes military action against taiwan , the united states will take corresponding action . this undoubtedly is an indication of us hegemony and cold war mentality .
this is of course also a product of internal struggle within the united states .
the republican and democratic parties have begun their campaigns to contend the next presidential throne and several presidential candidates have one after another issued their hard - line speeches against china .
there is a considerable number of politicians in the united states who have proposed to " contain china " and " divide china . " in order to win the votes of these people , both parties intend to strengthen their relations with taiwan . therefore , the two parties have reached a high degree of agreement on this issue so that the bill could be passed smoothly .
meanwhile , to take shelter under the united states ' protective umbrella , taiwan authorities have invested a tremendous amount of human resources , materials , and money in recent years and are willing to pay high prices to employ agents from the united states .
the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill by the us house is exactly a " major achievement " of the " money diplomacy " taiwan has promoted in the past years .
the article stresses : as the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill has directly undermined all the efforts of china and the united states in improving and developing bilateral relations since they established diplomatic relations $date , violated the " one - china " principled stand , and directly interfered in china 's internal affairs . in reality , not only can taiwan 's security not be ensured , but it will also intensify the situation in the taiwan strait and regional arms race and further push taiwan toward war .
the article says that it has noted that us president clinton and secretary of state albright have recently said that the us government will ultimately veto the bill .
we hope the us government will keep its promise and take resolute action , and that it will proceed from the overall situation of sino - us relations and sensibly handle its relations with taiwan . it should avoid losing the greater for the less , spinning a cocoon around itself , and playing with fire and getting burned .
stimulated by these two major favorable measures , the shenzhen and shanghai stock markets rose strongly on the very $number trading day of the year of dragon , opening with an exceptionally huge upward gap and going all the way up under an extremely lively market atmosphere .
both markets posted an average gain of $number at the close , with the total volume of transaction almost touching $number [ shares ] .
market participants think that the " circular on issues pertinent to allotment of new stocks to secondary market investors " issued by the csrc and the " procedures for regulating securities dealers ' stock collateral loans " announced by the central bank are major , substantively favorable measures that will have far - reaching impacts on the market .
the chinese stock market , after $number years of development which saw it growing out of nothing and expanding from a small to a large scale , is already of a fairly significant size .
funds raised through the stock market grew from the $number yuan $date to $number yuan $date and $number yuan $date .
the number of listed companies grew from a dozen or so $date to $number in late $number , with the market capitalization peaking at $number yuan in just a matter of a few years .
it can be said that the chinese stock market has developed by leaps and bounds over the past decade to become an emerging market that has drawn worldwide attention .
in recent years , the chinese government has been taking measures to promote the development of the stock market .
last year , in particular , it introduced a series of major moves such as the adoption and implementation of the " securities law , " establishment of new funds , financing for securities dealers , permission for the public listing of state - owned enterprises , and permission for stock market investment by insurance funds .
in $date this year , news about relevant chinese ministries and commissions taking such measures as reforming the way of issuing new stocks was again circulating in the market . finally , the measures were announced before $number trading day of the year of dragon , proving that the departments concerned have hoped to make the stock market affluent through these two measures .
on the two newly published measures , experts analyzed : the system of stock issue implemented in china in the past divided the market into the primary and secondary markets .
nevertheless , there has been a great difference between the stock prices on the primary market and the prices of stocks on their $number day of trading on the secondary market .
with the implementation of a new mode of stock issue , secondary market investors may participate in new stock subscription , based on the market value of their holdings of securities in circulation on the market .
the proportion of such allotments shall be $number percent of the portion of issue left over after the priority allotment to securities investment funds , while the remaining $number percent shall still be retained for the primary market .
as secondary market investors can participate in new stock subscription based on the market value of their stocks in circulation , this will greatly reduce the possible profits to be realized through professional new - stock subscription in the primary market .
as such , some of the primary market investors specializing in new stock subscription who do not rest content with the greatly reduced profits will look for places with a higher profit margin and this will cause the inflow of part of the specialized new - stock subscription funds on the primary market into the secondary market .
furthermore , the measure of allotting stocks to the secondary market will , to a certain degree , change the habits of market operation .
the secondary market used to have a " phobia of new stock issue " in the past because every new stock issue would mean a dilatation and every time there was a dilatation secondary market stock prices would fall and result in a lacklustre market , which would in turn adversely affect new stock issues .
when the new measure is implemented , investors , out of the hope of enjoying the huge price difference between the primary and secondary markets , will actively buy existing stocks before a new stock issue to increase their holdings , thereby increasing their rate of winning the stock allotment lot .
this will form a periodic pattern where every new stock issue will bring a brisk market .
as provided for in the " procedures for regulating securities companies ' stock collateral loans , " collateral pledged for stock collateral loans has to be renminbi - denominated common stocks or securities investment fund certificates under a securities company 's own account .
the borrower shall be the head office of a comprehensive securities company , while the lender shall be a solely state - owned commercial bank or any of its authorized branch offices or the head office of other commercial banks .
with this move , securities companies will have more relaxed funding in the days to come and this will be beneficial to their operations in the secondary market .
the new procedures also stipulate that the term of a stock collateral loan shall be six months at the most and that the loan to stock collateral ratio , which is the ratio of the loan principal to the stock collateral 's market value , shall not exceed $number percent .
any violations of these provisions shall be subject to corresponding punitive measures .
many people in the securities industry believe the two new measures announced by the csrc and the central bank are conducive to stimulating the stock market .
furthermore , this will draw stock investment funds from various quarters , such as enterprises dealing in " $number - category commodities , " that have been looking on from the sidelines , thereby increasing capital inflow into the secondary market .
in addition , as a result of concentrated stockholding by the main forces , the strength of large organizations such as securities dealers and funds in applying for stocks will grow further .
as good stocks are recognized by the market and naturally have high prices , a securities dealer can obtain fresh funds by pledging its holdings of good stocks for bank loans .
it can thus be fostered among investors the perception that good stocks are valuable while interior stocks could be cast aside by the market .
washington , $date ( xinhua ) - - in a reply letter dated $date to jesse helms , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , chinese ambassador to the united states li zhaoxing reiterated china 's strong opposition [ qiang lie fan dui $number $number $number $number ] to the taiwan security enhancement act [ tsea ] adopted by the us house of representatives .
li zhaoxing pointed out that the consequences would be more serious [ geng jia yan zhong $number $number $number $number ] than the $number visit of lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] to the us if the tsea becomes a us law .
in his letter to li zhaoxing dated on $date , helms said he was " aghast " at the remarks made by minister liu xiaoming of the chinese embassy at a news conference on $date on the passing of tsea by the house of representatives .
he asked ambassador li zhaoxing to " clarify " liu xiaoming 's remarks that the consequences would be more serious than lee teng - hui 's us visit if the tsea is passed by the us congress .
in his reply letter , li zhaoxing said that having reviewed the relevant transcripts and notes on liu xiaoming 's remarks at the news conference , he did not find anything wrong or inappropriate .
he said : china has always strongly opposed to the tsea and it has made no attempt to conceal this stand .
it is justified and reasonable for china to adopt this stand .
$number , the bill negates the important " one china " principle and undermines the basic framework of the normalization of china - us ties by treating taiwan as a state .
$number , it violates us pledges under the three sino - us joint communiques by calling on the us to greatly upgrade its military ties with taiwan and increase its arms sales .
$number , it fans up a scare about the false " china threat " by authorizing the us military to give annual reports on the situation in the taiwan strait and make military responses accordingly .
if tsea were made into law , it would further embolden the already recalcitrant separatist forces on taiwan , increase the chances of military confrontation across the taiwan straits [ zeng jia hai xia liang an fa sheng jun shi chong tu de ji hui $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] , and destabilize the asia - pacific situation .
li zhaoxing said : some congressmen did not have adequate knowledge of the origin of the taiwan issue and the evolution of sino - us relations , especially the us pledge on this issue in the three sino - us joint communiques .
more than $number years have passed since the us recognized the government of the people 's republic of china as the sole legal government of china , yet in his letter helms still refers to the chinese province of taiwan as the " republic of china on taiwan " and lee teng - hui as " president . " it would be an understatement just to call this " ignorance " or " lack of knowledge . "
li zhaoxing said that he had long ago wanted to meet with helms , not only because he wanted to explain to him some basic facts about china but also because he was ready to respond to the request from many congressmen and business people in helms ' electoral district of north carolina that he join helms in exploring " ways in sino - us relations to better serve the american people . "
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - while inspecting the air force aircraft operation and maintenance system 's exhibition of science and technology training achievements today , zhang wannian , member of the cpc central committee political bureau , member of the secretariat , and vice chairman of the central military commission [ cmc ] , stressed that carrying out science and technology training of troops is an important measure of implementing chairman jiang zemin 's strategic thought of strengthening the military through science and technology .
accompanied by air force leaders liu shunyao and qiao qingchen , cmc members fu quanyou , yu yongbo , wang ke , wang ruilin , kuo boxiong , and xu caihou visited the exhibition .
zhang wannian and others highly praised the air force aircraft operation and maintenance system 's achievements in studying high technology and mastering new equipment .
he pointed out in his speech that carrying out science and technology training of troops is an important measure of implementing chairman jiang zemin 's strategic thought of strengthening the military through science and technology . it is an effective means of raising military units ' combat effectiveness and a profound change in our military training , and it will produce extremely far - reaching significance and impact .
it is hoped that everybody has an even clearer understanding of the situation , and has a clear understanding of their sacred mission as well as the important role of science and technology training of troops in raising combat effectiveness .
zhang wannian pointed out that we must continue to exert efforts in resolving the issue of what to train and how to train , and seek to deepen our efforts in improving technological standards of our officers and men , forging combat effectiveness out of new equipment , studying and training new operational methods , as well as nurturing new types of military experts .
we must do well in learning high technology and new knowledge by persisting in a hierarchical and prioritized manner . we must stress putting knowledge into practice , and realize conversion of knowledge into higher standards and conversion of technological potential into actual combat effectiveness .
we must exert vigorous efforts to form systems and combat effectiveness out of new equipment , thereby giving full play to the operational effectiveness of new equipment .
we must do a good job of sorting out and verifying research results on operational methods . we must promptly and properly convert established results , incorporate them into operation regulations and training programs and materials , and promote their applications among military units .
we must , through educational reform in academies and institutes , strengthen military units ' training , expand local training channels , further intensify nurturing of talents , and strive to build a high - quality command and management contingent , core technological contingent , and instructors ' contingent , in order to meet the needs of building military units and the needs of future operations .
the requirement of " better to let talent wait for equipment than to let equipment wait for talent " raised by chairman jiang zemin must be implemented among military units .
zhang wannian said : we must continue to exert efforts in upholding a scientific spirit and a pragmatic attitude .
at present , we must further straighten the guiding thought in science and technological training of troops , conscientiously do a good job of making plans , set hierarchies rationally , handle the relationship between common and individual characteristics correctly , as well as strengthen planning guidance and training management .
we must vigorously promote drumming up enthusiasm , promote seeking real results , and promote training solid skills , thereby truly make raising combat effectiveness of military units the objective and result of science and technology training of troops .
we must continue to exert efforts in strengthening organizational leadership . all units must regard science and technology training of troops as the center of their work ; uphold overall control by party committees , command by key officers , and cooperation among organs ; strengthen inspection and supervision ; conscientiously implement science and technology training of troops ; and strive to raise units ' science and technology training of troops to a new level .
in conclusion , zhang wannian urged all units throughout the military to make sure they truly implement chairman jiang zemin 's strategic thought of strengthening the military through science and technology , seize the opportunity , be keen to make progress , do solid work , and make new contributions toward our military 's revolutionization , modernization , and regularization .
wu quanxu , zhang shutian , su shuyan , xiao zhentang , and tan yuexin , leaders of the four general departments of the people 's liberation army and the cmc general office , visited the exhibition .
beijing , $date ( xuinhua ) - - using foreign capital is an important aspect of china 's opening - up policy .
since the start of reform and opening up , our country has made universally acknowledged achievements in utilizing foreign capital ; by the end of last year , foreign businessmen had actually invested more than $ $number in china ; for years in a row , the scale of china 's using foreign capital ranked $number in the world and $number among the developing countries .
insufficient domestic funds have been made up by utilizing foreign capital ; this has increased the state tax revenue and foreign exchange earnings , promoted economic restructuring and the optimization of the industrial structure , accelerated the blending of china 's economy with the world economy , and created a large number of job opportunities .
the utilization of foreign capital is playing an increasingly important role in china 's economic construction and the chinese people 's lives .
our country actually used $ $number of foreign capital $date . though we maintained a certain scale in this regard , the utilization of foreign capital dropped by $number percent compared with the previous year ; it was $number negative growth rate in recent years .
in addition to the impact of the asian financial crisis , an important cause was that we still did not quite adapt ourselves to the trend of change in the form of direct international investment .
in recent years , the speed and scale of the movement of international capital have continuously increased ; the structure of international capital has transformed from traditional bank funds as the mainstay into direct international investment , bank credit , and the market for creditors ' rights . more and more direct international investments have begun to take the form of merger and acquisition , and the movement of capital between developed countries has become the mainstream in the flow of international capital .
now , more than half of direct global investments have been made in the form of merger and acquisition by transnational enterprises , and $number percent of such mergers and acquisitions have taken place in developed countries .
such changes have brought new challenges to our country in attracting foreign capital .
for years in a row , china as a developing country has attracted the largest amount of foreign capital ; however , the number and scale of our transnational corporations are far smaller than those of developed countries ; at present , transnational mergers and acquisitions are concentrated mainly in the financial , insurance , telecommunications , aviation , automobile , and media fields , and our such fields have yet to be completely opened to the outside world because of their weak foundations .
in the face of the new trend in the movement of international capital , we must further emancipate our minds , adopt new ideas , and attract as much foreign capital as possible in order to contribute more to the development of the national economy .
in the past , our country attracted foreign capital for production projects . from now on , we should strive to open the commercial , financial , insurance , telecommunications , tourism , and other service fields wider to the outside world .
some of the service markets in our country have a tremendous potential , which are very attractive to foreign businessmen , and they will become new hot places to attract foreign businessmen .
then , we should make vigorous efforts to attract famous transnational corporations to invest in china and encourage such corporations to set up research and development centers here in order to expedite technological progress and industrial upgrading .
shanghai municipality , the largest industrial city in our country , now takes attracting the investment of transnational corporations as the focal point of its work in inviting businessmen from the outside to invest in the municipality .
now $number of the world 's $number major enterprises have entered shanghai , and they have invested in $number enterprises , with the total contracted amount of foreign investments reaching $ $number .
those projects in which they have invested is large in scale , high in technological content , and strong in competition . this has raised shanghai 's entire level of using foreign capital and sped up the development of new and high - tech industries .
tianjin , shenzhen , and jiangsu have also gained successful experiences in attracting investments by transnational corporations .
besides , it is necessary to vigorously attract foreign investment to develop high - level processing trade .
our country has two favorable conditions for attracting foreign capital : one is the tremendous market potential , and the other is relatively cheap labor .
in localities with favorable conditions , it is essential to change the traditional investment by foreign businessmen in labor - intensive processing trade to a kind of processing trade to develop new and high - tech products .
the shenzhen special economic zone has gone all out to encourage processing - trade enterprises to shift to high - tech processing ; now in shenzhen , high - tech processing trade has become a new hot place in which foreign businessmen have been investing .
overall , the investment environment in china has continuously improved , and our country is still the most attractive of the developing countries .
according to the requirements of national economic development and the promises china made for its accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] , our country will open more fields to the outside world , especially the opening of financial , insurance , telecommunications , foreign trade , commercial . tourism , and other service trades in a planned way .
it has been reported that , led by japan , the g-8 countries feel that china should be invited to the g-8 summit to be held in japan 's okinawa in $date .
it is learned that china has on many occasions previously made known its stand on its relations with the g-8 .
at a news conference held by the ministry of foreign affairs today , zhu bangzao again stressed this issue further .
he said : china hopes that the g-8 can play an active role in enhancing international cooperation and promoting stable and balanced world economic development , particularly in narrowing the gap between the south and the north .
zhu bangzao pointed out : china has always advocated that consultation , coordination , and decision - making on global issues should have wide representation .
when discussing global issues , it is necessary to listen more to opinions of other countries , especially those from the developing countries .
the spokesman pointed out : china attaches importance to the role played by the g-8 and has always maintained contact with the g-8 .
in recent years , before and after every g-8 summit , the presiding country will always report to china .
he said : the chinese side hopes this practice will continue .
hong kong , $date (zts) - - a sovremenny [ modern ] - class destroyer china purchased from russia recently passed through the taiwan strait . the move has caused widespread concern . in response to this fact , a military authoritative personage in beijing said : the move serves as a deterrent to " taiwan independence " elements . it also shows how fast the chinese navy is building itself with an emphasis on the quality .
it is universally known that china has built its navy mainly by making self - reliant efforts , with imported foreign equipment as a supplement .
people still remember the grand troop review , which was held on $date last year to mark the $number founding anniversary of the prc . the navy 's three unarmed formations , four missile formations , and two flight echelon formations participated in the parade .
midshipmen and sailors from naval surface warship academies and submarine schools as well as the navy 's fighter planes formed a three - dimensional panorama , presenting before the chinese people and the world a complete new look of the chinese navy .
the appearance of the marines in a formation was of particular significance because it was $number time the marines participated in the grand troop review . the formations formed by the marines as well as other naval branches showed the world for $number time a complete force structure of the chinese navy .
with its great efforts over the past $number years , the chinese navy has initially built a modern marine operational force composed of the crack troops of five branches - - surface warships , submarines , naval air force , coastal guard , and the marines . the chinese navy is capable of carrying out various kinds of operational tasks on coastal waters . the surface warship unit represents a backbone force of the chinese navy in carrying out defense strategic task on coastal waters .
it is also the earliest branch established by the navy . the chinese navy has expanded its surface warship unit . now it has guided missile destroyers , guided missile escort ships , and guided missile boats as its major fighting capacity .
the surface warship unit is equipped with modern marine operational capability . the surface warship unit has combat fleets capable of various operational tasks such as anti - aircraft , anti - ship , anti - submarine , and coastal fire neutralization . these combat fleets are also able to send troops across the sea and engage in landing operations .
while speaking at a work meeting on the navy 's armament last year , cao gangchuan , member of the central military commission and director of the general armament department , said : the navy 's armament department should make further efforts to explore the characteristics and rules regarding the navy 's armament construction . it should find a new way for the armament construction with the chinese navy 's characteristics . it should work hard to build a modern navy that is equipped with powerful comprehensive operational capability .
the authoritative personage said : at present , the chinese navy is making efforts to accelerate its modernization of operational capability . major warships in the navy 's armament alley have been built by china itself and been equipped with missiles .
$number - generation guided missile destroyers that were put into service $date have been improved many times . as a result , their operational capability has been enhanced . various vessels have different kinds of weapons and equipment , which mainly include anti - ship missile launchers , primary guns , secondary guns , and rocket - type anti - submarine deep - sea bombs . some of modified warships have added a ship - to - air missile system .
$number - generation guided missile destroyers that have been developed by china itself are equipped with new ship - to - ship guided missiles , short - range anti - aircraft guided missiles , automatic guns , and secondary guns . they are also equipped with an anti - submarine weaponry system , including new type of sonar , anti - submarine helicopters , and anti - submarine torpedoes . for $number time , any of these $number - generation guided missile destroyers is able to carry out the three - dimensional anti - ship , anti - aircraft , and anti - submarine operations under the condition of " three defenses [ san fang $number $number ; defenses against atomic , chemical , and bacterial weapons ] . "
besides , the chinese navy 's newest guided missile destroyer , no. $number , has been put into service .
its special invisibility feature is even more prominent . it has a greater tonnage with an even higher degree of automation . new progress has been made in the quantity and quality of its weaponry , driving power , and the functions of various command and control systems .
china also has developed " 53h2 - type " guided missile escort ships , which are equipped with " three defenses " capability and an electronic war system .
in addition to acquiring new chinese - built warships and submarines , china also has tried to greatly increase its navy 's operational capability by purchasing the most advanced warships and military equipment of the world .
after the two sovremenny - class destroyers china has purchased from russia are put into service in this year , the chinese navy will improve its defense capability for dealing with low - and middle - altitude saturation attacks . these sovremenny - class destroyers can carry out the duty of defending themselves and their fleets . they also can effectively prevent attacks launched by submarines from underwater .
what most deserves our attention is this : these sovremenny - class destroyers are each equipped with eight " sunburn " supersonic anti - ship missiles , which have a $number - km fire range . the missiles not only have a long fire range , great power , and strong interference capability but also are able to effectively deal with aircraft carrier groups .
these missiles , which fly at an altitude of about one meter above sea level , are very difficult for radar to detect .
it was learned that , among the weapons used by a warship , this kind of missile is the most effective . so far there have been no defensive weapons against them .
according to the news learned from the just - concluded work meeting on the navy 's military training , the chinese navy carried out last year one after another scores of highly difficult drill subjects . these drills included fending off cruise missiles , operations involving the coordination of various branches of the navy , sea - and - air joint anti - submarine drill , s long - range coordination raids by warships and planes , and coordinated surprise attacks launched by sea and air units against the enemy 's flexible marine formations .
about $number percent of major battleships and naval air force pilots participated in the drills . as a result , naval units have acquired training under conditions similar to a real combat situation .
as a result , the navy has shortened the time required for turning its new equipment into combat effectiveness . the chinese military expert held that $date would be a " marine century . " he said : it is necessary to make conscientious efforts to build a powerful and large navy and turn it into one of the major forces that protect the motherland and safeguard world peace and regional security .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at $number this afternoon , a man killed himself in the southeast part of tiananmen square by detonating an explosive .
according to investigations by public security , the dead man was li xiangshan , a mental patient from hubei province .
at the time of the explosion , a south korean tourist was also injured .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : china opposes an arms race in outer space and hopes that the international community will adopt effective measures to prevent the employment of weapons and an arms race in outer space .
it is learned that hu xiaodi , china 's permanent representative in geneva , made a formal proposal to the conference on disarmament on $date on holding negotiations to reach a global treaty on banning tests , deployment , and use of arms in outer space .
china 's proposal was immediately supported by the russian representative .
at a news conference held by the ministry of foreign affairs here , zhu bangzao said : outer space belongs to all of mankind and all countries have the equal right to explore and use outer space for peaceful purposes .
he said : it is the common aspiration of all mankind to prevent the employment of weapons and an arms race in outer space .
the spokesman said : attempts , plans , and actions by a single country to seek military and strategic advantages in outer space not only have always existed but are being further developed . if this is not prohibited , it is likely that weapons will be employed in outer space in the near future , which could even lead to a multilateral arms race in outer space .
therefore , it is realistic and urgent for the international community to take effective measures to prevent the development of such a negative situation .
as for the so - called " sino - russian joint opposition to an arms race in outer space , " zhu bangzao said clearly that it is inaccurate .
he said : countries that oppose an arms race in outer space are definitely not only limited to china and russia .
the $number un general assembly again overwhelmingly passed a resolution on the " prevention of an arms race in outer space , " with $number countries voting in favor of the resolution .
this fully reflects the common aspiration and pressing demand of the international community .
he expressed the hope that the conference on disarmament in geneva , as the only multilateral disarmament negotiating forum , should make new contributions to the negotiations and conclusion of international legal articles on the prevention of an arms race in outer space .
nanchang , $date ( xinhua ) - - jiangxi province 's nanchang city intermediate people 's court today held $number trial of the case of hu changqing , a former vice governor of the jiangxi provincial people 's government , who was accused of accepting and offering bribes and failing to identify the sources of his huge amount of wealth , and sentenced hu to death for wantonly accepting and extorting a huge amount of bribes and deprived hu of political rights for life .
in accordance with an indictment brought in by the procuratorial organ , the court has examined , investigated , and verified that between $date and $date when he served as a deputy director of the state council 's bureau of religious affairs and an assistant governor and later a vice governor of the jiangxi provincial people 's government , hu accepted bribes on some $number occasions and extorted cash and goods worth some $number yuan in all , including $number yuan , $ $number , hkd0.94 million , and valuables worth $number yuan , from some $number people , such as zhou xuehua ( who was being dealt with in a separate case ) , president of jiangxi aote car rental company ltd . , li weidong ( who was being dealt with in a separate case ) , director of jiangxi jinyangguang enterprise group company ltd . , and others , and from jiangxi provincial commercial storage and transportation company .
hu also sought interests for others who had offered him bribes on many an occasion by taking advantage of his position and had thereby caused huge losses to the state property .
the court has also examined , investigated , and verified that between early $number and $date , in order to seek a promotion and have himself transferred to another post , hu offered bribes totaling $number yuan to the relevant people on some five occasions .
besides , hu failed to identify legitimate resources for his wealth worth $number , which had obviously outstripped his legitimate income .
the court held : by wantonly accepting and extorting a huge amount of bribes and seeking interests for others by taking advantage of his position , hu changqing , the accused , had committed the crime of bribery in his capacity as a state functionary and a senior government leading cadre . given the huge amount involved , hu 's crime has caused heavy losses to the state property and had a pernicious influence in the society .
the court also maintained : in order to seek illicit interests , hu had offered bribes to the state functionaries and failed to identify legitimate resources for his huge amount of wealth , which had obviously outstripped his legitimate income , and has thereby committed the crime of bribery and the crime of failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth respectively .
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant articles of " prc criminal law , " jiangxi province 's nanchang city intermediate people 's court sentenced hu changqing to death ; deprived him of political rights for life ; and confiscated all his property for his crime of accepting bribes ; sentenced him to two years ' imprisonment for his crime of offering bribes ; and sentenced him to four years ' imprisonment and confiscated all his illegal income for his crime of failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth .
with the penalties added together , the court decided to carry out the execution of hu ; deprive hu of political rights for life ; and confiscate all hu 's property .
hu 's case of accepting and offering bribes and failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth is an extremely serious economic crime case involving a senior leading cadre . the way his crime , one of serious nature , was committed was absolutely vile and has exerted a pernicious influence in the society .
thanks to the cooperation of the relevant departments and the jiangxi provincial cpc committee , the central discipline inspection commission investigated and verified in a timely fashion hu 's serious problems of violating the disciplines and the law and handed hu over to the judicial organs for punishment in accordance with the law .
on $date of this year , jiangxi province 's nanchang city people 's procuratorate instituted legal proceedings against hu and accused him of the crime of accepting bribes , the crime of offering bribes , and the crime of failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth .
the nanchang city intermediate people 's court formed a collegial panel in accordance with the law , which held a public trial of hu 's case on $date . the trial was attended by $number people , including the masses of all walks of life and the news reporters .
hu had entrusted two counsels to defend him in the court .
today , the court publicly pronounced its judgment .
the trial of hu changqing 's case has fully enshrined the socialist principle of rule of law that all offenders are equal before the law and has fully demonstrated the party 's and state 's resolve to severely penalize corruption in accordance with the law .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said on $date that china hopes the united states abides by the established agreements , and handles prudently the issue of wto accession for mainland china and taiwan .
zhu bangzao pointed out emphatically : the chinese government has agreed to taiwan being an independent customs area of china , and under the name of independent customs area of taiwan , penghu , kinmen and matsu , taiwan should enter the wto following china 's accession to the organization .
according to reports , china and the wto members have reached an agreement on that issue , reflected in the council chairman statement of the $number general agreement on tariff and trade .
the spokesman pointed out that all sides of the wto , including the united states , must abide by the principle .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan 's visits to four countries including mauritania will help consolidate and develop the existing friendly cooperative relations between china and the four countries .
in the meantime , he also explicitly pointed out that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will not involve military cooperation between the two countries .
the four countries foreign minister tang jiaxuan will visit are mauritania , tunisia , kuwait , and iran .
zhu bangzao said : during his visits , foreign minister tang will extensively exchange views with leaders of the four countries on further strengthening bilateral relations as well as on international and regional issues of common concern , to achieve the objective of enhancing mutual understanding , deepening friendship , widening consensus , and promoting cooperation .
when answering a reporter 's relevant question , the spokesman explicitly pointed out that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will not involve military cooperation between the two countries .
now the relations between china and iran are very friendly .
both countries stand for global multipolarization and have fine cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields .
he said : constantly developing the friendly cooperative relations between china and iran is a consensus between both sides , corresponds with the fundamental interests of the two countries and the two peoples , and is also conducive to safeguarding regional peace and stability .
he indicated that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will make a positive contribution to the further development of the two countries ' friendly cooperative relations .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : sino - russian military cooperation is aimed at strengthening national defense and safeguarding sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in replying to a reporter 's question at a news conference of the ministry of foreign affairs today , zhu bangzao said : as a sovereign country , china has the right to take measures to enhance its national defense capabilities .
he pointed out : sino - russian military cooperation is aimed at strengthening national defense and safeguarding sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the spokesman said : as the two largest neighbors in the world , to develop friendly and cooperative relations in all fields , including the military field , not only serves the interest of the two countries but is also conducive to safeguarding peace , stability , and development in the region .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - according to information from the ministry of foreign affairs , a sino - us meeting at vice foreign ministerial level on the issue of strategic security will be held in beijing $date .
strobe talbott , us deputy secretary of state , will lead a delegation to attend the meeting .
during the meeting , both sides will exchange opinions by focusing on such issues as global and regional security situation , ballistic missile defense , and us arms sales to taiwan .
foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao also said at the foreign ministry news conference held on $date : at the invitation of chairman li peng , speaker yildirim akbulut of the turkish grand national assembly will lead a delegation of the turkish grand national assembly on an official goodwill visit to china $date .
in addition , at the invitation of the government of the republic of croatia , zhu lilan , chinese minister of science and technology , will leave for croatia on $date as the special envoy of the chinese government to attend the inauguration ceremony of new croatian president stjepan mesic on $date .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that while being concerned about the attacks on us and japanese websites , china also objects to any form of bad behavior on the internet .
he said : recently some famous us websites and japanese government websites were attacked by hackers , not only inflicting major losses on network service providers , but also causing serious impacts on the normal work and lives of network subscribers .
he said that the chinese government is very concerned about this incident .
he said : as the network economy is one of the important factors promoting a country 's sustained economic growth , network security is of particular importance .
when amending its criminal law $date , china added explicit provisions to the criminal punishment on illegal intrusion into important areas of the computer information system .
$date , with the approval of the state council , the ministry of public security promulgated procedures on protection and management of international network security on the internet . the procedures stipulate that no unit or individual is allowed to enter the computer information network without authorization .
zhu bangzao remarked : the relevant department of the chinese government is actively taking effective measures to really safeguard network security .
as china 's internet is just beginning to develop , it needs a fine environment for development .
any bad behavior on the internet is not welcome .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the utilization of foreign capital constitutes an important content of china 's opening up policy .
but in the face of new challenges brought about by the new trend of international capital flow , china needs new ideas on utilizing foreign capital in the future .
since the drive of reform and opening up , china has achieved world - recognized success in utilizing foreign capital . as of the end of last year , the amount of actual investment made by foreign businessmen has reached $ $number . for many years in a row , china has ranked $number in terms of the utilization scale of foreign capital .
china has ranked $number among developing countries in this respect . the utilization of foreign capital has made up the deficiency of funds needed for construction projects at home . it has increased the state 's revenues and gains on foreign exchange , promoted the adjustment of economic structure , optimized industrial structure , accelerated integration of china 's economy with the world 's economy , and created a large amount of employment opportunities .
the utilization of foreign capital is playing an increasingly important role in china 's economic development and people 's livelihood .
last year , the real amount of foreign capital used by china approached $ $number . although the amount still maintained a certain scale , it decreased by $number percent as compared with $number , representing $number negative growth in recent years .
$number , it was affected by the asian financial crisis . another important reason is that china is not yet quite able to adjust itself to the current trend in the practice of international direct investment .
the traditional way of providing funds through banks is no longer a major financial practice . at present , there are three different sources for obtaining funds - - direct foreign investment , bank loans , and credit market . more and more the practice of acquisition mergers have been adopted for international direct investment . capital flow between advanced countries has become the main stream of international capital flow .
at present , $number percent of direct investment in the world is carried out in a form of acquisition mergers by multinational enterprises . more than $number percent of such mergers have occurred in advanced countries .
these new changes have ushered in new challenges for china in its efforts to attract foreign capital .
therefore , it is necessary to change ideas to attract as much foreign capital as possible .
previously , china focused on attracting foreign capital for production projects . in the future , more efforts should be made to open our door wider to the outside world in such service sectors as commerce , banking , insurance , telecommunications , and tourism .
the markets of some service sectors in china have a great potential . these sectors , which have an extremely strong power to attract foreign businessmen , will become new hot spots for attracting their investment .
moreover , great efforts should be made to invite famous multinational companies to invest in china . besides , we should encourage these enterprises to establish research and development centers in china in a bid to accelerate technological progress and industrial upgrading .
shanghai city , the largest industrial city in china , has considered attracting investment of multinational enterprises as a key point of its work .
at present , $number of $number biggest companies in the world have entered shanghai . the amount of contracted foreign capital for their projects has reached $ $number .
these investment projects are large in scale , with high technological content and strong market competitiveness . these projects have enhanced shanghai 's overall level of utilizing foreign capital and accelerated the development of its advanced and new technological industry .
other localities , including tianjin , shenzhen , and jiangsu have also obtained successful experiences in attracting multinational enterprises to make investment in china .
meanwhile , great efforts should be made to attract foreign capital in the higher grade processing trades .
china has two advantages to attract foreign capital . $number , it has tremendous market potential . $number , it has a comparatively cheap labor force .
as conditions permit , localities should try to turn the labor intensive processing trade - - a traditional domain for foreign investment - - into a processing trade that focuses on the development of advanced and new technological products .
the shenzhen special economic zone has made great efforts to encourage enterprises engaging in the processing trade to turn themselves into a processing industry that needs advanced and new technology . now the industrial processing trade that needs advanced and new technology has become a new hot spot for foreign investment in shenzhen .
generally speaking , china has made continuous efforts to improve its investment environment . among developing countries , china is still a country with the greatest power to attract foreign capital .
in light of the need for the development of a national economy and the promises it has made for wto entry , china will open wider to the outside world . particularly , it will open up such service sectors as banking , insurance , telecommunications , foreign trade , commerce , and tourism in a systematic way .
these are moves that will provide a fine external environment for expanding the utilization of foreign capital in a positive and effective way .
recently , the chinese people cannot but express strong indignation at and firm opposition to the " taiwan security enhancement act " (tsea) bill passed by the us house of representatives .
on $date , $number day it resumed its session after a two - month winter recess , in disregard of numerous solemn representations by the chinese side , the us house of representatives flagrantly passed the " tsea " bill in an attempt to provide a so - called legal basis for the united states to expand its military ties with , and sell advanced weaponry and technology to , taiwan .
this is a very dangerous political act on the part of the anti - china us forces in its attempt to permanently split china and undermine the great cause of china 's reunification .
once the bill becomes law , it will only incite " taiwan independence " forces into making reckless moves , thereby greatly increasing the possibility of cross - strait and sino - us military conflict and bringing disastrous consequences to sino - us relations .
in terms of content , the bill far exceeds the existing us policy on arms sales to taiwan the " tsea " bill may be rated as the most important house legislation on the question of taiwan in the past two decades .
the main purpose of the bill , which is divided into six sections , is to supplement and further implement the " taiwan relations act " and enhance the united states ' military commitments to taiwan .
in terms of content , it has far exceeded the existing us policy on arms sales to taiwan .
these aspects have raised the us congress ' capability to interfere in arms sales to taiwan and opened , for $number time , the door for taiwan military officers to further their study in the united states . moreover , the united states will provide taiwan with the software they lack most : personnel training , manual norms , military exchanges , joint exercises , intelligence exchange , computer networking , and electronics warfare . this will play a role that cannot be underestimated in raising the taiwan military 's overall operational capability .
the progenitors of the bill were jesse helms , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , and senator robert torricelli .
the bill passed by the house a few days ago was put forward by tom delay , the most influential republican congressman in the house of representatives . it abandons some controversial clauses in the original bill , such as the sales to taiwan of airborne and shipborne weapons , tmd [ previous acronym given in english ] system , diesel - powered - engine submarines , aerial antisubmarine system , aegis destroyers , satellite technology , and advanced ami-120 medium - range air - to - air missiles , thus enabling the bill to be approved by the house international relations committee last $date and passed in the house vote on $date this year .
the " tsea " bill is $number legal document regulating us - taiwan relations following the " taiwan relations act . "
if the bill becomes law , it will free the united states from the restrictions of the $date joint communiqu on us arms sales to taiwan and specify the united states ' security commitments to taiwan in concrete legal clauses .
when the time comes , whether or not taiwan joins the tmd system , the united states and taiwan have entered a quasi - alliance . once events happen in the taiwan strait , the law will provide a legal basis for us armed intervention .
the bill has profound political background the us house of representatives has $number members , including $number republicans , $number democrats , and two nonparty personages .
in the house vote on $date , not only the republicans , who called for a tough policy toward china , but also $number democrats voted for the bill , passing it by an overwhelming majority .
the pro - taiwan and anti - china forces in the us congress have created trouble for many years on the taiwan issue .
pro - taiwan us congressmen made unwarranted charges against the government 's taiwan policy after president clinton , during his visit to china , openly pledged for $number time to pursue the us " three nos " policy on taiwan .
helms and other pro - taiwan congressmen vigorously demanded that " the congress play a more active role in us arms sales to taiwan and in us - taiwan military ties of cooperation " with a view to further deepening a legal basis for us - taiwan military cooperation . recently they put forward another resolution endorsing taiwan 's entry into the international monetary fund and passed a bill supporting taiwan 's accession to the world health organization .
since last year , $number of $number anti - china proposals have been adopted by the house of representatives alone .
the passage of the " tsea " bill by the house has demonstrated that anti - china figures in the united states wanted to take the bill as a new force to contain china .
in the current " vacuum period " in which there is no weapon available for checking china , strengthening ties with taiwan and , in particular , bilateral military cooperation , is undoubtedly a way of containing china .
such containment can also serve as a bargaining chip in developing relations with the mainland .
at the crucial moment of taiwan 's " presidential " elections , the passage of the " tsea " by the us house of representatives is evidently intended to threaten china . this bill unequivocally tells china that if the mainland takes military action against taiwan , there will be corresponding moves on the part of the united states . this is undoubtedly a reflection of us hegemonism and cold war mentality .
of course , this is also the outcome of the us internal struggle .
the presidential race between the republican and democratic parties has started . several presidential candidates made speeches advocating a tough policy on china .
since entering and hosting the white house seven years ago , the democratic party has not done anything that its opponent can hold against it in terms of economy , fiscal deficits , education , employment , and social welfare . the only thing with which the republican party can garner votes is clinton 's china policy .
there are many us politicians advocating the " containment of china " and " disintegration of china . " to strive for this portion of votes , both parties intend to strengthen ties with taiwan and share views on many aspects of this issue . therefore , the bill was passed smoothly by the house .
" achievement " of taiwan 's costly " dollar diplomacy " in recent years , the taiwan authorities have squandered considerable manpower , material , and financial resources and employed us agents with high pay in a bid to place itself under the us protective umbrella .
the passage of the " tsea " bill by the us house is a " substantial achievement " of the " dollar diplomacy " taiwan has pursued for many years .
according to us media reports , one of the major backstage promoters of the smooth passage of the " tsea " bill was cassidy and associates , the us - based public relations firm commissioned by taiwan .
half of the congressmen cassidy and associates have always contacted are cosignatories of the " tsea " bill .
an internal document of the us department of justice showed that the service fees taiwan paid cassidy and associates rose by $number percent $date alone .
the document pointed out that a key figure responsible for promoting the adoption of the bill - - gejdenson , ranking democratic member of the house of representatives committee on international relations - - received political contributions five times from cassidy and associates in $date alone .
united states has never halted arms sales to taiwan for a long time , previous us governments had deemed taiwan as a chess piece used for containing china .
after the establishment of sino - us diplomatic relations , the united states was forced to withdraw armed forces from taiwan . however , it then adopted the " taiwan relations act , " assuming responsibility to protect taiwan with force .
in fact , since the signing of the sino - us " $date communiqu , " the united states has never halted arm sales to taiwan . moreover , in recent years , the quantity of the weapons it sold to taiwan has increased dramatically , while their functions and quality have been constantly enhanced .
to placate the congress soon after the release of the " $date communiqu , " the united states announced that it agreed to cooperate with taiwan again in making $number f-5e and f-5f fighters .
the following year the united states sold taiwan military equipment worth $ $number , including $number f-104 fighters .
to reverse the unfavorable trend in the $number presidential race , president bush announced a decision to sell $number f-16a / b warplanes to taiwan .
while in office , clinton $number set a precedent by allowing lee teng - hui and other senior taiwan officials and military officers to visit the united states . $date , he provided military support for lee teng - hui 's presidential campaign .
from $number , the united states sold taiwan military equipment totaling $ $number .
while being committed to the " three nos " policy last year , the us government still approved arms sales to taiwan worth $ $number and planned to incorporate taiwan into the tmd system .
at a crucial period when the united states is to grant china permanent normal relations [ ntr ] status , those supporters of taiwan have intended to link the adoption of the " tsea " with a trade agreement reached between clinton and china , which is a milestone in history , in a bid to force china to swallow the bitter pill [ tun xia zhe mei ku guo $number $number $number $number $number $number ] .
their purpose in doing so is to sell advanced weapons and equipment to taiwan , to promote and expand the " legal basis " for us - taiwan military cooperation , and to create " one china , one taiwan " or " two chinas . "
the act does not conform to the security interests of the united states and taiwan when one reviews the history of sino - us relations since the founding of new china , he will find that when the issues of us policy toward china are raised , this will be the time for various political organizations in the united states to wrangle with each other .
they fight each other in the form of making a fuss together or playing a duet .
this kind of contention will enable the president to take an uncompromising stand on china under the pretext of " pressure from the congress " in an attempt to force china to make concessions on certain issues .
the fundamental interests of the us congress and the government are identical . they are only adopting different means and measures .
actually , in view of the fact that the " tsea " has directly undermined efforts exerted by both china and the united states since the establishment of their diplomatic relations $date in improving and developing their bilateral relations , that it has violated the principled stand on " one china , " and that it has directly interfered in china 's internal affairs , it will definitely aggravate tension in the taiwan strait , intensify the regional arms race and further push taiwan to war rather than protect taiwan 's security .
lampton , director of the research office of chinese studies under the nixon center , said that once the act becomes law and is implemented , " it will reduce rather than enhance taiwan security , " and that " it will considerably increase the possibility of china - us conflict . " therefore , the act should be called the " taiwan security weakening act . "
oksenberg , senior research fellow at the asia - pacific research center under stanford university , said that the best way for ensuring taiwan 's security is to cooperate with rather than face a confrontation with beijing .
close us - taiwan relations cannot guarantee taiwan security .
in short , when china takes military actions , the united states might assist taiwan . even though the united states wins the war , taiwan will be destroyed in flames of war . there is another implication in oksenberg 's remarks .
therefore , the act does not conform to the interests of the united states and taiwan .
according to the us legal procedure , the act can become law only after it has been adopted by the house of representatives and approved by the foreign relations committee of the us senate . afterward , it should be voted on by the senate . even if it is adopted by the senate , president clinton can veto it . the president 's veto can only be overturned if the act secures $number of the votes in both houses .
at present , the house of representatives has enough votes to overturn the president 's veto . but it is hard to predict what will happen in the senate .
recently , president clinton and secretary of state madeleine albright respectively have issued a statement stressing that the us government will eventually veto the act .
we hope that the us government will be true in word and resolute indeed , and that it will proceed from the overall situation of sino - us relations to handle its relations with taiwan in a wise and rational way . it should avoid losing a great deal through trying to save a little , having their hands and feet tied up and getting burnt because of playing with fire .
history has proven that the chinese people never waver in their determination to safeguard the reunification of their motherland . it is extremely dangerous for anyone to try to go one step beyond the limit .
when the cross - strait relations are extremely tense , the us house of representatives passed the act in an attempt to change the framework of china - us relations . there is no doubt that this will make those " taiwan independence " elements feel reassured and emboldened and speed up the process of splitting the motherland .
if this aggravates tension in the taiwan strait and sparks a war , the united states will not be able to shirk its responsibility for it in history .
an extraordinarily big explosion occurred in china 's most sensitive place - - tiananmen square in beijing , which shocked both china and the world .
a source from beijing said that a central department conveyed a document to the officials at and above the ministerial and commission level , referring the event to xinjiang terrorist activities .
as beijing enters the annual period of the $date sessions of the national people 's congress and chinese people 's political consultative conference , armed police and security personnel in beijing are on full alert . witnesses say that " level three alert " measures were adopted at the xinhua gate of zhongnanhai near changan avenue .
a political bureau meeting scheduled for today is likely to present a report on the latest progress on the event , the source said .
although tiananmen square , which was sealed for two and half hours during the daytime on $date , was unsealed later , the reporter saw at least $number public security personnel at the explosion site between the museum of history and the monument to the people 's heroes . they were making use of the police car lights to conduct an investigation amid the chill wind , at a temperature of minus five degrees celsius . a number of police cars were on alert nearby .
according to what the public security bureau said yesterday , the source stated , xinjiang independence elements were involved in the event that took place $time . the person who ignited the bomb was not the only victim . three innocent people also were killed in the explosion .
public security personnel who $number arrived at the site used mats to cover the dead bodies .
it is said that the man who used a bomb to commit suicide , had been to beijing four times in the past to petition . square sealed for two hours following the explosion , $number public security personnel , who were performing duties at tiananmen square to prevent falungong followers from petitioning there , were quite nervous . they immediately used wooden planks to encircle the explosion site to prevent the filming of the event by reporters . at the same time , they enlarged the scope of the search and immediately sealed the entire tiananmen square and banned tourists from entering the sealed area .
tiananmen square was unsealed two and a half hours later .
however , the situation at the xinhua gate of zhongnanhai , where the offices of the central government are located and which is only a few hundred feet away from the explosion site , was suddenly tense last evening . the people 's liberation army men on guard at the gate belonged to the central guard bureau . the posture of the guards was " level three alert , " with the tommy gun placed on the chest rather than put vertically by the side of the guard as in ordinary times .
difficult to guard against sudden explosion although the weather of beijing is cold in winter , the source said , the number of armed public security personnel performing duties in tiananmen square has not been reduced . as the falungong followers lodged a protest at tiananmen square on the eve of the year of the dragon , the authorities dispatched large numbers of plainclothes security personnel to patrol the square . " the square is impenetrable and any event can be brought under control . "
hence , it has been very difficult for the security personnel on site to guard against such practices .
in the $number years since the launch of reform and opening up , china 's socialist construction has achieved successes which have caught the attention of the whole world .
practice has proven that china cannot develop without the world , and in carrying out modernization in an open world , we must take full advantage of both international and domestic resources and markets ; only thus can we take still better advantage of our relative strong points to rapidly enhance china 's international competitiveness and speed up our development .
at present , china 's reform and opening up and modernization are in a key period of carrying on the cause and forging ahead into the future .
internationally , economic globalization is developing rapidly , science and technology are progressing by leaps and bounds , and economic ties between countries are unprecedentedly close and their influence on each other is increasing .
$number - generation collective leadership with comrade jiang zemin as the core , correctly judging the present international and domestic situation , showing great foresight , and taking control of the overall situation , has made the major policy decision on speeding up the negotiating process for china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] ; this fully expresses the strong resolve of the cpc central committee to lead the people of the whole country to deepen structural reforms and expand opening up to the world .
joining the wto will have a profound impact on china 's socioeconomic development and on reform and opening up .
the important role of the wto in the world today the wto was established $date . its predecessor was the general agreement on tariffs and trade [ gatt ] , which came into effect $date .
right from the start gatt worked to formulate rules for a multilateral trade setup ; in the space of half a century gatt launched eight rounds of multilateral trade negotiations and established an unofficial and in reality an international organization ; at the conclusion of the uruguay round , the wto was set up to replace gatt .
the wto is the sole international organization today handling rules for trade between countries ; it has $number members , and it and the imf and the world bank are termed the " three great pillars " of world economy . their main functions are as follows : $number , to draw up and standardize the rules for multilateral international trade .
the wto provides the basic rules and regulations for international business activity by holding negotiations and signing agreements .
these rules cover an extremely broad area and touch on practically all aspects of world economy and trade ; they involve not only trade in goods but also service trades and trade - related intellectual property rights ( that is , so - called invention , creation , and design ) and investment measures , and so on .
$number , to organize multilateral trade negotiations .
as a result of eight rounds of multilateral negotiations held by the wto and its predecessor , gatt , its member states have greatly lowered their tariff barriers , and this has stimulated the development of international trade and world economy to a tremendous extent .
in the past half century , the weighted average tariff level of the developed countries has dropped from $number percent $date to $number percent at present . the weighted average tariff level of the developing countries has now dropped to $number percent .
$number , to settle trade disputes between members .
the wto 's dispute settlement mechanism plays an important role in ensuring the effective implementing of wto agreements and settling trade disputes between members , thereby creating a stable environment for the smooth development of international trade .
more and more wto members , especially developing countries , have started to make use of the dispute settlement mechanism ; from the establishment of the wto $date to the end of $date , the wto had taken on $number complaints , $number of which have now been settled .
the practice of the half century since world war ii has proven that the moves of gatt and the wto in achieving big multilateral reductions in tariffs and nontariff measures , actively spurring the liberalization of international trade , enhancing the transparency of members ' trade policies , resolving trade disputes , and accepting large numbers of developing countries and regions to take part in the multilateral trade setup have played an extremely important role in expanding international trade and promoting world economic development .
hence , although there are still some limitations in the wto itself , actively taking part in the wto , making use of its multilateral trade rules , promoting one 's own opening up to the world , and participating still better in international competition while preserving one 's own interests remain the choice of the great majority of countries and regions in the world .
joining the wto is the inevitable choice for china in expanding its opening up to the world china 's economy has developed rapidly in the course of $number years of reform and opening up , and we now rank $number in the world in economic volume , while the degree of external orientation of our economy is also rising all the time .
joining the wto and further expanding our opening up to the world will be of great significance for spurring the development of our national economy .
joining the wto will help to create a good international environment for china 's reform , opening up , and modernization .
after china joins the wto , we will act according to the current international rules , observe the multilateral trade rules , enhance the transparency of our trade policies and controls , further expand the fields in which we open up to the world , and gradually institute national treatment [ guo min dai yu , $number $number $number $number ] ; all this will further establish on the international scene china 's reform and opening up and its image as a responsible great power , and increase the attraction of the domestic market for foreign investors .
through joining the wto , china will be able to carry on international trade under the multilateral , stable , and unconditional most favored national treatment principles provided by all wto members ; we can enjoy the advantages of open markets in other countries and regions ; and international discriminatory trade restrictions will be gradually abolished ; this will help to develop china 's industries which are relative strong points and to expand exports .
taking the textile industry as an example , after joining the wto , the developed countries will gradually relax their restrictions on china in line with the provisions of the wto textile accord , and all quota controls will be finally abolished $date ; thus our textile industry will gain more export and job opportunities .
joining the wto will help to speed up china 's industrial restructuring and continually improve the international competitiveness of china 's economy .
continually expanding our opening up to the world , actively taking part in the international multilateral trade setup , and taking the initiative to adapt to the current international rules will help to promote the continual perfection of china 's socialist market economy system and impel the process of our reforms and opening up .
active participation in international competition will help to spur china 's economic restructuring and industrial upgrading , so that we can make better use of foreign funds , technology , and management experience to enhance and improve the management standards and operating situation of china 's enterprises , and boost our all - round economic strength and international competitiveness .
take agriculture as an example .
joining the wto will help china to import in appropriate amounts agricultural staple products for which land resources are the main production element and in which china lacks relative advantage , and also to export labor - intensive agricultural products such as fruit , vegetables , and animal and aquatic products . this will help in our restructuring of crop cultivation and stock breeding in agriculture and in improving the economic returns of agriculture .
joining the wto will benefit china in participating better in the process of economic globalization .
in order to adapt to the development of economic globalization and trade liberalization , china needs to find the assurance of a stable , transparent , and predictable multilateral trade mechanism , so as to better gain profit and avoid the pitfalls in taking part in the economic globalization process and thus develop and strengthen itself .
acting according to the international rules in lowering tariffs and nontariff barriers will benefit china in fully participating in globalized production and international division of work .
at the same time , joining the wto will also help to strengthen china 's cooperation with multinational corporations .
these corporations are the main driving force in economic globalization ; committing ourselves in the wto accession negotiations to act according to the international rules and further open up our markets will help to enhance these corporations ' confidence in cooperating with us ; and it will help to spur our enterprises to strengthen cooperation with multinational corporations , to attract more of their funds , technology , and management experience , to use their sales channels and networks , and to open up the international market . joining the wto will benefit china in making use of the international multilateral trade rules to effectively protect our national interests .
we must create a more perfect investment environment to attract as much foreign investment as possible , and guide and encourage foreign companies to invest in agriculture , infrastructure , environmental protection , and hi - tech industries , and so on , to enhance the quality and level of our use of foreign investment . at the same time we must strictly enforce the examination and approval procedure , strengthen sectoral supervision and management , ensure the security of state information , and guard against financial risks and the intrusion of unhealthy culture . we must seriously implement the strategy of big development of west chinas proposed by the central authorities , support the efforts of the central and western regions to expand their opening up to the world , and actively develop externally - oriented economy there .
we must pay attention to training specialized wto talent , master the international rules , and speed up the training of a large number of wto talented people familiar with the national condition who have a very good ability in foreign languages and abundant specialized knowledge ; we must step up studies in world economy and economic globalization , and master and apply basic knowledge and the rules of the wto , so as to ensure that china can effectively participate in drawing up the international rules and also make full use of the multilateral rules and current international means to develop china 's external economy and trade , and deal with various trade disputes , in order to uphold china 's legitimate interests and economic security .
a few days ago , nato decided to replace landcent ( the allied forces ' command in central europe ) with the eurocorps , a non - nato staff department , as the head of the peacekeeping force in kosovo (kfor) .
this spectacular initiative by nato not only signifies $number independent move by eurocorps but also marks the acceleration of the pace in the creation of an independent security setup by eu .
arguably , it is truly not easy for eu to get what some have jokingly called " lieutenant 's command " from the mammoth military apparatus of nato .
as known to all , along with the advance of europe 's integration process , european countries ' reliance on the united states for security has also declined to some extent and the development of " europe - unique defense " has been placed on the agenda .
in its $number report , " european security policy in the year $number , " the eu executive committee indicated that eu 's common security and foreign policy should aim at establishing a european collective security mechanism .
during their summit held at the end of $number , french and british leaders published a " declaration on european defense , " asserting that eu should rely on a reliable military force and acquire the ability for independent military action . "
in addition , many european countries also maintained that nato 's reform and its new strategy should further reflect " europe - unique defense . "
$date , the armed forces of germany , france , and three other european countries set up the eurocorps without the participation of americans . the eurocorps is under the western european union and has nothing to do with nato .
at the end of last year , eu also decided to establish a $number - men to $number - men rapid reaction force $date as europe 's own security safeguard organization capable of taking action within $number days of the outbreak of a crisis .
next month , eu will set up a " political and security council " to formulate policies and strategies for its crisis management apparatus , the rapid reaction force .
yet , the united states has consistently checked eu 's long - cherished aspiration and action to develop its own defense setup .
even though the united states does not oppose the development of " europe 's unique defense " in words , deep in its heart it has felt uneasy about the tendency toward europe 's independence in defense matters , fearful that if the tendency continues , us dominance in europe 's defense matters will be difficult to sustain .
albright has made very clear on this when she said that the united states welcomes eu to assume greater responsibility in nato , but the precondition is that this must be done within the existing framework of nato and that there should be no separate bodies that would weaken the security cooperation mechanism across the north atlantic or shatter us military presence and its leading position in europe .
in the past , european countries have always depended on the united states for their military and security safeguards . the outbreak of a number of crises hitting the european continent in recent years has made it realize the crisis facing it .
especially during europe 's internal crises , such as the bosnia - herzegovina and kosovo crises , eu felt helpless and found it difficult to deal with the crisis on their own .
precisely because of this helplessness , eu has accelerated the pace to establish an independent defense setup , a defense setup that is not " purely an idea but possesses the ability to enforce . "
the new role to be played by the eurocorps has truly gladdened eu countries , even if it does not constitute a milestone in eu 's independent defense .
public opinion believes that the eurocorps ' directing nato - dominated military operations for $number time in history will test eu 's ability to operate independently in the military field .
a european diplomat applauded the move , believing that nato 's decision shows that europeans " hope to assume more responsibilities in nato " and that as a result of the " new role played by the eurocorps , the international community will have greater trust and attach more importance to european countries . "
editor 's note : with the dawn of a new millennium , governments of all countries are drawing up development blueprints for a new century .
starting from today , we will run a series of reports by this correspondent on " moving toward a new millennium , " briefing readers on the future expectations of various countries , their strategic thoughts on development , and how they seize opportunities to cope with challenges .
in early spring , china 's northern neighbor , russia , is moving toward a new millennium with new hopes .
russian economics minister shabowayachi [ sha bo wa li yang ci $number $number $number $number $number $number ] announced that $date , russia 's gdp grew $number percent , while its industrial output rose $number percent .
for the past few years , russia 's economic indicators have reached the highest level .
in $number $number months of last year , direct foreign investment in russia hit $ $number , $number times more than the corresponding period the preceding year . this is the result of the improvement in the investment environment .
according to russian state statistics commission statistics , the actual household income for the new year will be up $number percentage points over last year , and direct foreign investment will top $ $number .
the new russian state duma was elected at the end of last year .
the majority of new duma members advocated consultation and cooperation with the kremlin instead of opposing it .
due to president yeltsin 's early resignation , russia has a new state leader at the start of $number .
since taking office , putin has shown his outstanding performance in various aspects : politically , he paid attention to consultation with various political parties and factions and strove for support and cooperation from the majority of political forces . because he managed to strengthen economic work on a timely basis , the economic situation took a favorable turn . on foreign policy , he did not bow to various pressure from the west , representing russia 's image as a big power .
in handling the issue of chechnya , putin complied with popular will and curbed resolutely and promptly the illegal armed forces in chechnya .
people notice that on the issue of chechnya , the russian government not only has enjoyed support from various political forces but also has brought about the unity of the whole nation . this is a political phenomenon rarely seen for many years in russia .
at $number government work conference this year , putin proposed three major tasks for $number : $number , formulating strategies and plans for national economic development . $number , maintaining the present favorable economic momentum . $number , consolidating and improving the state power mechanism .
in practice , putin placed particular emphasis on the development of science and technology , education , and chechnya 's economic recovery .
before that , putin told some scientists and university students at russia 's $number science festival , that : " science and technology and education are a driving force for resolving russian issues . without being competitive in science and technology , the country will have no future . "
he was of the view that russia needs a systematic reform in science and technology to ensure the steady growth of its national economy and to increase investment in science and technology departments .
the russian government has a better understanding of the situation and the tasks facing it .
russia 's production standard is so backward that the quantity of its high - tech products has been doubly reduced .
for the past decade , russia has seen a lower economic efficiency , a decrease in investment in science and technology , and a lack of enthusiasm for production investment , thus significantly undermining the social productive forces .
with the arrival of the new millennium , russia lost a free secondary school education system and a public health services system , for which it strove for many years .
the gap between rich and poor and the growing number of the poor are social phenomena in russia .
while russia 's crime rate is going up , its living standard is declining .
to resolve these issues , experts pointed out , it is important to restore russia 's " position of independent development and equal cooperation in international space , " and to create an environment whereby people 's subjective initiative is not suppressed and the intelligence and wisdom of the people can be brought into full play .
hence , russia $number should step up efforts to develop " locomotive " products - - scientific and technological products - - and sharpen its competitive edge in the international market in order to spur overall economic growth .
in addition , it is essential to raise people 's quality and intensify its effective operation in such areas as culture , education , medical services , sanitation , and health care ; increase the coefficient of national security and ensure that the planned funds for the armed forces and military industrial enterprises are made available on time ; and integrate russia into the global economic system in a step - by - step manner .
russia 's strategic goal is to establish a powerful russia .
at the turn of the century , a new and dynamic atmosphere indeed prevailed in russia , and the people pinned their hopes on russia 's future .
political observers , however , clear - headedly indicated that russia is a state full of variables , and that no one dare guarantee that there will be no further major political changes in the run - up to the presidential election , which is $number - odd days away .
according to economists , the present favorable economic momentum is the result of the depreciation of the ruble and the price rises in crude oil and raw materials in the international market .
these factors are temporary . a country 's positive economic operation depends primarily on the increase in both investment and aggregate demand .
there is no optimism about these two major economic indicators for russia .
in addition , saddled with massive debts , the russian government has to allocate $ $number , or $number percent of the state budget , for repaying foreign debts $date alone .
with the advent of $date , russia has seen hopes and ushered in rare opportunities while at the same time facing many rigorous challenges .
[ fbis translated text ] beijing , $date - - according to briefings provided by authoritative departments today , beijing cracked $number explosion cases last year .
it was said at the briefings that beijing arrested $number people and seized $number kg of explosives , $number detonators , $number meters of fuse , $number illegal guns , and $number rounds of ammunition .
it was also disclosed at the briefings that beijing cracked $number criminal cases , more than half of which were major cases .
over $number suspects were arrested and $number - plus criminal gangs were wiped out .
particularly worthy of attention is the speedy solution of the murder of former state meteorological bureau director zou jingmeng [ $number $number $number ] , the murder of eight young women from out of town at shijingshan , and the murder and robbery case at a gas station at jingtong port , as well as the gunning down of absconded murderer yu quanwen who carried with him a satchel of dynamite and resisted arrest , and the arrest of the armed criminal fan ying who threatened to blow up the hong kong - macao center .
it was said at the briefings that beijing cracked $number cases of drug - trafficking , arrested $number drug - traffickers , and seized $number grams of narcotics .
it was also said that beijing carried out raids on $number venues operating without a license or beyond their licensed scope , as well as venues where prostitution and other services of paid companionship were offered , and closed down $number of these according to law .
more than $number people engaged in prostitution were seized , and $number prostitution gangs were wiped out .
it was disclosed at the briefings that beijing dispatched some $number police to complete nearly $number missions in its effort to fulfill security duties for major political activities .
washington , $date ( xinhua ) - - republican leaders of the us house of representatives said on $date that they would make every effort to urge congress to vote as soon as possible on the agreement signed by the united states and china on the latter 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] , and that they would work hard to secure congressional approval of the agreement .
at a news conference on the capitol hill , dennis hastert , speaker of the us house of representatives ; david dreier , a representative from california ; dick armey , majority leader of the house of representatives ; and other house republican leaders urged members of congress from both the republican and democratic parties to support the agreement reached by the united states and china on china 's accession to the wto , as well as the move to grant china permanent normal trade relations status .
dreier said : the house leadership plans to vote on the agreement by $date at the latest . the vote is extremely important for maintaining us economic prosperity ; it is probably the most important vote of this fiscal year .
armey expressed the hope that congress would vote before the end of $date .
the lawmakers also distributed a report of findings by the us congressional research service on the agreement on china 's accession to the wto .
the report states : china is currently one of the world 's fastest - developing economies , and it is expected to become the world 's largest market for consumer goods and services .
china 's accession to the wto will provide the united states with an opportunity for massive exports to and investments in china .
citing projections by us secretary of agriculture dan glickman , the report states that implementation of the us - china agreement on china 's accession to the wto may increase us exports of agricultural products to china by $ $number each year .
the report also cites an analysis by us banking investment corporation goldman sachs as noting that the biggest change following china 's accession to the wto is the further opening up of china 's economy . china 's economic growth rate will increase substantially ; china 's total trade volume and foreign investments in china will also increase by a wide margin .
china and the united states signed an agreement on china 's accession to the wto in beijing last $date . the agreement will take effect only after it is approved by the us congress .
beijing , $date - - reporter li dan learned from prc general administration of customs : $date , the mainland motherland 's trade with taiwan reached $ $number , up by $number percent over the previous year , of which export accounted for $ $number , up by $number percent , and import $ $number , up by $number percent , with trade deficit with taiwan reaching $ $number , up by $number percent . taiwan was the biggest source of the mainland motherland 's trade deficit .
last year , trade with taiwan had such a salient characteristic : direct trade grew rapidly whereas indirect trade fell in proportion .
as direct shipping introduced between the two shores on a trial basis at selected spots $date has ended the situation that the mainland trade with taiwan was mainly centered on indirect trade , direct trade has developed rapidly .
from $number , annual direct import from taiwan rose from $ $number to $ $number , up by $number percent on an average , and annual export to taiwan from $ $number to $ $number , up by $number percent on an average .
thanks to its rapid growth , direct trade rose by a large margin in proportion in import and export trade with taiwan , up from $number percent and $number percent $date to $number percent and $number percent $date respectively .
one more salient characteristic of trade with taiwan is that general import and export trade grew by a large margin and processing trade turned into the biggest source of trade deficit .
last year , general export to taiwan totaled $ $number , up by $number percent ; processing export totaled $ $number , down by $number percent ; general import from taiwan totaled $ $number , up by $number percent ; processing import totaled $ $number , up by $number percent ; and processing trade deficit with taiwan totaled $ $number or $number percent of total trade deficit with taiwan .
with the presidential election of the republic of china approaching , the chinese communists have lately been conducting war games targeted at taiwan more frequently than in the past . the latest cross - strait work report released by the mainland affairs council [ mac ] pointed out that the chinese communists have held five large - scale airborne and land battle exercises in a row since last $date , particularly increasing the weight of tactical drills in air attack , electronic interference , and airport controlling and seizure . recently the chinese communists purchased another destroyer from russia and , furthermore , dispatched a large number of fighter planes to receive the destroyer .
the mac pointed out : the chinese communists have implemented , as of $date this year , a new system of combined service forces based on " military regions , " reorganizing personnel of the three armed services into combined groups and ending the vertical organizational system of defense that had been in force since the chinese communists came into power .
in addition , the chinese communists have begun using military professionals extensively , including transferring and promoting the liberation army 's guo boxiong [ kuo po - hsiung ] and xu caihou [ hsu ts 'ai - hou ] to the posts of " deputy chief of general staff " and " deputy director of the general political department . "
at the same time , they transferred armed police corps commanders and put into effect a system of rotational transfers .
what has drawn our particular attention is the chinese communists ' deployment of the improved tungfeng-11 [ dongfeng-11 ] missiles in fukien [ fujian ] which has greatly increased their military threat to taiwan . in addition , the chinese communists have test - fired the kdi anti - missile system in a plateau region and purchased s300pmu2 missiles from russia to improve their air defense and missile defense capabilities . they seem to have a mind to build a missile defense system for the mainland theater .
besides strengthening their missile defense and attack capabilities , the chinese communists recently went further to deploy the israeli phalcon radar on russian - made illusion-76 transport aircraft , thus possessing a preliminary airborne early warning capability .
to strengthen the liberation army 's capability to combat through networks , the chinese communists have also put the strategic missile units through " network drills in nuclear counterattack by combined campaign missile units " [ lian he zhan yi dao dan dui he fan ji wang shang yan lian $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] in a plateau region .
the presidential race is about to enter the last $number days . according to the latest poll , the lien chan - vicent siew [ hsiao wan - ch 'ang ] ticket of the kuomintang [ kmt ] , the ch 'en shui - pien - lu hsiu - lien ticket of the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , and the independent presidential ticket of james soong [ sung ch 'u - yu ] and chang chao - hsiung , still led in a tripartite confrontation among the five tickets .
as to favoritism rating , the lien - hsiao ticket still ranked the highest . the poll was conducted by the shanshui poll study company , entrusted by the universal television company and the hsin hsin wen weekly , $date using telephone interviews . the interviewees were adults $number and older living in the taiwan and fuchien regions , and the number of valid samples was $number . at a confidence level of $number percent , the sampling error was smaller than plus or minus $number percent .
according to the poll , " if the election were held tomorrow , " the chen - lu ticket would gain the support of $number percent of the voters , followed by $number percent for the lien - hsiao ticket , and the soong - chang ticket would be in $number place with $number percent support . because the differences between the three are within the sampling error , the election situation over the next month is bound to be more tense .
as to " who will most likely be elected , " the lien - hsiao ticket , which possesses administrative resources , with a favoritism rating of $number percent , still was way ahead of the soong - chang ticket , with a favoritism rating of $number percent , and the chen - lu ticket , with a favoritism rating of $number percent .
on other issues , $number percent of those polled were of the view that it is nothing unusual for presidential candidates to own real estate overseas , and $number percent felt it is inappropriate .
on the provincialism issue , $number percent of those polled said which province a presidential candidate is from is not an important factor in the race . as to the " new taiwanese " theory advocated by president lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] , $number percent of those polled approved the idea .
on china 's unification and taiwan independence , $number percent of those polled favored maintaining the status quo , and those favoring taiwan independence and unification between the two sides of the strait accounted for $number percent and $number percent respectively .
chief of general staff tang yao - ming yesterday said that the national army is able to fully keep abreast of mainland troop movements during taiwan 's presidential election .
he said the ministry of national defense [ mnd ] will clearly report and explain mainland troop movements and the national army 's responses , on its own initiative and with a responsible attitude , on the premise of not affecting state security , not violating the maintenance of military secrets , and not revealing the sources of information , in a bid to dissolve misgivings and avoid creating social panic and instability .
tang yao - ming yesterday held a spring festival dinner party with military reporters from domestic and foreign media .
he pointed out that only a strong national defense can provide a specific guarantee for state security and a secure and happy life for the people . moreover , it is an important basis for the country 's existence and development .
as the times progress unceasingly , the national army should vigorously strive for popular support in order to fulfill the major reform of building the army for war preparedness .
based on the idea of national defense of all the people , the implementation of all national defense policies and operational mechanisms in the future will be " transparent " and will be put in front of the people and subjected to supervision by all the people .
he also deeply believed that " transparent policies " and supervision by the whole people will serve as a driving force for the progress of the national army , and that the ministry of national defense will make all - out efforts to promote such practices and try its best to implement them .
therefore , the remaining $number percent of voters who had not made up their minds have become the key to deciding the results of the election .
the election has entered the countdown stage . according to telephone interviews conducted by this newspaper on $date with $number qualified voters in the taiwan region , currently the situations of the election again have changed , with the ch 'en - lu ticket surpassing the soong chu - yu - chang chao - hsiung ticket to take $number place .
results of the poll showed that the support rating of the ch 'en - lu ticket , which dropped to $number percent at the end of $date due to the stock exchange taxation issue , gained $number percentage points to reach $number percent .
on the contrary , the soong camp , which managed to escape from the shadow of the chung hsin bill case to capture $number place , again sank to a new low due to the case of soong chen - yuan 's [ soong chu - yu 's son ] overseas real estate , and its support rating remained the same $number percent , which was the same as the end of $date , and no noticeable change was observed .
with the kuomintang 's [ kmt ] vigorous boost by a full - scale mobilization , support rating of the lien - hsiao ticket gained by a small margin - - from $number percent at the end of $date to the current $number percent .
as to other presidential candidates , the hsu hsin - liang - chu huei - liang ticket gained $number percent , and the other ticket did not show any gains .
voters who had not made up their minds accounted for $number percent .
further inquiry about the candidates they will likely support showed that those who had not made up their minds would add $number percentage points to each of the ch 'en - lu and soong - chang tickets and would likely give the lien - hsiao ticket another $number percentage points .
if the obvious support ratings are added to the possible support ratings , the ch 'en - lu ticket currently would lead with $number percent support , the soong - chang ticket would closely follow with $number percent support , and the lien - hsiao ticket , although in $number place , still would have $number percent support . the largest gap between the three tickets was only $number percentage points , which fell within the marginal error of the poll . therefore , the strength of the three was practically about the same .
although the strength of the three tickets was about the same , on favoritism rating , the lien - hsiao ticket stood out .
the poll showed that $number percent of voters thought that with the kmt 's huge resources and organizational and mobilization capacity , the lien - hsiao ticket , although its support rating has not risen , eventually will emerge .
this percentage was $number points higher than the $number percent found at the end of $date .
on the contrary , the favoritism rating of the ch 'en - lu ticket , whose support rating jumped to $number place , was in last place .
the poll showed that , although nearly a quarter of voters planned to support ch 'en , only $number percent thought he will win . compared with the three polls conducted over the past month , the percentage almost remained unchanged .
the soong - chang ticket 's support rating was temporarily in $number place , and its favoritism rating stood at $number percent at the end of $date . but its favoritism rating again dropped by $number percentage points to a new all - time low of $number percent after news of the soong chen - yuan overseas estate case broke out .
the poll was conducted $date , with samplings taken from residential telephone books in the taiwan region . a total of $number qualified voters , of which males and females accounted for $number percent each , were successfully interviewed . at a confidence level of $number percent , the margin of error of the poll was plus or minus $number percentage points .
a poll conducted by our paper showed some rise and fall in voter support for presidential candidates in the past month . the rating of the candidate enjoying the greatest support and confidence remained quite stable . ch 'en shui - pien had the greatest support , enjoying a popularity rating of $number percent , followed by sung ch 'u - yu , while $number percent of respondents had greatest confidence in lien chan 's ability in handling state affairs , followed by sung ch 'u - yu as the next state leader .
using the support rating shown by voters in the two polls conducted by our paper in $date and $date as the barometer , we can see that ch 'en shui - pien 's support was the highest in both polls . support for ch 'en was $number percent in early $date and $number percent in the recent poll . however , the percentage of respondents who did not support ch 'en shui - pien also increased from $number percent to $number percent .
after sung chen - yuan 's [ james soong ] real estate purchases in the united states and the chung hsing bill finance case last month , support for sung ch 'u - yu remained virtually unchanged , with $number percent of respondents supporting him and $number percent not supporting him .
changes in voter support for lien chan were also minimal , with $number percent of respondents supporting him and $number percent not supporting him .
the poll also discovered that voter confidence in the ability of lien , pien and sung in leading the state was the highest for lien chan , with $number percent of respondents saying that they were confident in putting the state in his hands , and $number percent saying that they had no confidence in him .
confidence in sung ch 'u - yu was similar to that shown in the previous poll , with $number percent of respondents saying that they were confident in his ability to handle state affairs , and $number percent saying that they had no confidence .
in early $date , $number percent of respondents said that they were confident in putting the country in his hands , and $number percent said that they did not . in the recent poll , however , $number percent say that they had confidence , but $number percent say they had no confidence .
the poll was conducted from $date through $number . a total of $number voters responded to the poll , while $number failed to respond . a $number - percent trust median was taken as the mean , and the sampling error was within $number percentage points , plus or minus .
the poll was a random survey of respondents selected from residential telephone numbers with the same last two digits , and qualified voters were then selected using the household sampling method . the findings were then weighted by the gender and age of all voters .
more and more people have realized that hackers have become a new public hazard globally and that we must take forceful measures to hack off this black hand that is reaching for the network .
" heike " [ $number $number ] is the transliteration of the english word " hacker , " which initially referred to those enthusiasts for computer programming and now specifically refers to computer invaders who break into others ' systems through the net by using communications software and online computers to intercept or tamper with computer data and jeopardize information security .
with the full - speed advancement in computer technology and spread of the internet , many hackers ' activities have begun to evolve from playing pranks for excitement or for showing off their skills to using network technology for economic or political crime and have begun to develop in form from a personal behavior toward organized activities .
hackers are practically everywhere on the net ; government and military core secrets , enterprises ' commercial secrets , and personal secrets are all among the things they peep at .
some of the hackers wantonly sabotaged the websites of governments and various other organizations , bringing them to a sudden paralysis or causing them to function abnormally . some would steal bank account numbers to rob huge amounts of money , some would take hostage of the confidential information they have stolen and carry out terrorist activities on the net .
nowadays , with networks playing a growing role in the political , military , financial , communications , electric power , medical and health , and other fields , hackers ' sabotage activities are becoming increasingly rampant to pose a serious threat to economic order , social stability , and national security .
the crime of hacking has many new characteristics compared with conventional crimes . $number .
it is of an intellectual nature .
the offenders generally possess quite a high level of professional techniques and knowledge of computers as well as a mastery of computer operational skills and often would carry out careful planning before committing an offense and contending with anti - hacking forces in a battle of wits . $number .
it is of a concealed nature .
as the crime of hacking is carried out in a virtual space made up of such intangible elements as programs and data and often is not subject to the restrictions of time and place , it is difficult to trace and monitor the offender . $number .
it is greatly detrimental to society .
a host of facts have proved that the greater the dependence of society on network systems , the higher the incidence of computer crime becomes .
in recent years , the crime of hacking has been rapidly spreading like a plague to every corner of computer networks and doing greater and greater harm to society .
the issue of network security has drawn great attention from governments and experts of various countries including china .
during a recent interview with these reporters , zheng zhipeng , former director of the high energy institute of the chinese academy of sciences who was among $number experts in china to use network technology , said : it is rather difficult to shut hackers out of the net .
when designing their networks , many large foreign websites had attached great importance to their security .
even so , nevertheless , these websites still come under frequent attacks by hackers .
he pointed out : networks have developed rapidly in our country but we have rather few experts in network security and some websites still lack security consciousness .
as china 's major organizations are now becoming increasingly dependent on networks , there will be extremely grave consequences should hackers succeed in their assaults .
during an interview with these reporters , chinese anti - hacking expert dr. xu rongsheng , who was china 's representative to the internet working group of the un educational , scientific , and cultural organization , pointed out : anti - hacking technology and anti - computer virus technology are the key technologies in safeguarding network security .
our country should develop its own anti - hacking technology and must not rely on imports . " if a lock is bought from others , it can be unlocked by others . "
many experts believe it would be difficult to fundamentally put an end to hacking so long as networks exist .
they appeal : to deal severe blows to crimes in this high - technology field , relevant international laws and regulations would need to be drawn up at an early date and different countries should also promptly draw up corresponding laws and set up effective regulatory bodies . in addition , there is a need to develop new technologies for safeguarding network security .
the experts also pointed out : it is very crucial to strengthen education on network ethics so that people , youngsters in particular , who have a talent for computers give play to their talent in proper ways and not become hackers who are obnoxious to everyone or even degenerate into network criminals .
even in the virtual space of networks , people still hope to have an unpolluted , blue sky .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - china 's railroads must stand at the level of the overall situation and strategy of modernization , actively implement the cpc central committee 's great policy decision on major development of west china , and lose no time in going ahead of the rest in promoting this development .
during the $number five - year plan , an estimated $number yuan will be invested in large and medium - sized railroad construction projects in west china , and it is estimated that the west will have $number km of railroad $date .
minister of railroads fu zhihuan talked freely about the thinking on railroad development in west china when interviewed by this reporter .
fu zhihuan said that carrying out the strategy of major development of west china and speeding up regional development there is a major policy decision of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , made in accordance with deng xiaoping 's strategic thinking on " two overall situations " in china 's modernization , and geared to the new century . it is a major scheme for strategic restructuring of the national economy and promoting coordinated regional economic development , and is the inevitable demand of gradually narrowing regional disparities and ultimately attaining prosperity for all .
in their policy decision on major development of west china , the cpc central committee and state council have decided to concentrate forces to tackle the important work related to the overall situation of developing west china , and speeding up infrastructure construction is in the primary position .
as the vanguard of the national economy , the railroads are dutybound to exert every effort and summon up still greater determination and provide still greater input in carrying out construction and going ahead of the rest .
fu zhihuan said when recalling the state input in railroad construction in west china since $number five - year plan , although the state has stepped up input in construction in west china , the railroads there still fail to meet the requirements of development .
at present there are $number km of railroad in west china ; there is a shortage of capacity , there are few lines , and they are of low standard ; there are not many lines from west to central china , and inadequate routes between the western provinces and autonomous regions .
fu zhihuan said that in order to implement the strategic plan of the cpc central committee and state council on major development of west china , the ministry of railroads has proposed that the strategic goals of railroad development in west china during the $number five - year plan are to expand the size of the network , strengthen internal and external communications , and enhance transport capacity , to meet the requirements of development .
it is estimated that investment in large and medium - sized railroad construction projects in west china during the $number five - year plan will reach $number yuan , and that there will be $number km of railroad in the region $date .
specifically : we will step up the construction of east - west links .
the main focus will be on double - tracking the baoji - lanzhou section of the longhai line [ lanzhou - lianyungang ] , building the xian - hefei line , double - tracking the zhuzhou - liupanshui line , building the suining - chongqing - huaihua line and the daxian - wanxian line , and striving to make a start on the wanxian - zhicheng and taiyuan - zhongwei lines .
we should improve communications between the western provinces and autonomous regions .
the main focus will be on building the lines from shenmu north to yanan north , xian to ankang , and neijiang to kunming ; at the same time we should get a good grasp of preparatory work for bringing the railroad into tibet .
we should step up the building of international communications .
the main focus will be on building the china - kyrgyzstan - uzbekistan railroad and planning the pan - asia railroad .
we should intensify improvement of the existing lines .
the focus will be on completing the capacity expansion of the xining - germu section of the qinghai - tibet line , electrification of the chengdu - kunming line , and the capacity expansion of forming west china railroad electrification into a network , section by section .
fu zhihuan said that while speeding up railroad construction in west china , we should further implement the strategy for increasing speeds .
through carrying out technical improvements of the equipment and using new locomotives and rolling stock , we should speed up the traveling time for passenger trains into and out of west china .
the passenger train chart for national day this year should embody the initial results in this respect .
for instance , passenger train travel time from beijing to urumqi will be reduced from $time now to $time .
beijing , $date - - the forum on release of the " handbook on taxation knowledge for leading cadres , " compiled by the state administration of taxation , was held in beijing a few days ago .
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and state president , wrote the title of the handbook and also made important comments urging the leading cadres at various levels to conscientiously study taxation knowledge and to pay high attention to and actively support the tax collection work .
jiang zemin pointed out that taxation is the major source of state revenues , as well as a key economic lever with which the state regulates and controls the macro - economy .
thereby , setting up a scientific and reasonable taxation structure and standardizing tax collection policies are of extremely important significance to accurately and effectively regulating the re - distribution of national income , promoting the distribution of essential productive factors , directing the optimum distribution of resources , increasing employment opportunities , and facilitating the sustained and sound development of the economy .
jiang zemin urged the leading cadres at various levels , especially high - ranking cadres , to conscientiously study taxation knowledge , to familiarize themselves with taxation policies and laws , and to be well versed in the tax collection work .
leading cadres should thoroughly study the law and special features of the tax collection work under the conditions of developing socialist market economy , be more conscious in implementing central policies and principles on macro - economic control , and work ceaselessly to promote the reform , opening up , and socialist modernization drive . jin renqing , director of the state administration of taxation , pointed out at the forum that general secretary jiang zemin 's comments are of important significance to guiding all cadres in charge of taxation work , especially leading cadres , to conscientiously study taxation knowledge and to do their job well .
so the taxation organs at various levels should deeply understand and actively disseminate the spirit of general secretary jiang zemin 's important comments and conscientiously organize the vast number of cadres in charge of taxation work , particularly all levels of leading cadres , to comprehensively study taxation knowledge , to further familiarize themselves with and master taxation policies and regulations , and to improve their theoretical understanding and professional ability . it is imperative to ceaselessly intensify the reform of the taxation and tax collection and management systems , improve the efficiency of tax collection and management , strive to fulfill all taxation tasks , and ensure to handle tax affairs according to law . taxation departments should bring into better play their functions for organizing tax revenues and regulating and controlling the macro - economy and make greater contributions to reform , stability , and development .
the " handbook on taxation knowledge for leading cadres " consists of six chapters and concisely introduces state taxation departments ' functions in relation to tax revenues , taxation systems and policies , tax management , handling of tax affairs according to law , and international taxation .
however , the financial experts firmly believe that renminbi will not devaluate in the next few years . on the contrary , there is room for its appreciation .
in shanghai 's renminbi trading market , the exchange rate of renminbi closed by a slight increase today , which , according to a dealer , was affected by the reduced demand for us dollars .
the closing quotation of the us dollar against renminbi was $ $number yuan , a slight fall from tuesday 's closing rate of $number yuan .
although renminbi 's appreciation or depreciation will be affected by the pressure after china 's accession to the wto yet , more importantly , it is the effect of the domestic factors that counts .
as china has fixed its economic goals at opening to the outside world in a comprehensive way , absorbing more foreign capital , and intensifying domestic competitive power , the pressure of renminbi depreciation will not exist in the coming few years , instead , there is room and demand for its appreciation .
just as dai xianglong , president of the people 's bank of china , said recently , china 's accession to the wto will be another positive step to open even wider to the outside world and merge into the world 's economic mainstream , which will provide more trade and investment opportunities for the domestic enterprises and further strengthen people 's confidence in china 's economy and currency .
he stressed that after entering the wto , china will have a sound equilibrium of international payments , and the exchange rate of renminbi will continue to remain stable .
it is anticipated that the export and investment this year will somewhat increase , and foreign investment will continue to grow as well after china 's accession to the wto .
in terms of exchange rate policy , china still adopts a floating rate system under which exchange rates are controlled and determined by market supply and demand .
thanks to the equilibrium of the international payments , china 's exchange rates have all along been comparatively stable .
a financial expert pointed out that , on the whole , there are three major factors that will make renminbi exchange rate continue to remain firm in the future .
$number , the special characteristics and nature of china 's economic growth have conditioned the value and trend of renminbi .
china 's macroeconomic indicators show that renminbi has been undervalued by $number percent , and that there is room for its appreciation in the future . the reasons are : inflation rate remains low ; the economy still shows a rapid growth ; foreign trade continues to have surplus and a large amount of funds have flowed in ; there is a considerable volume of foreign exchange reserves ; the risks assumed for foreign debts have been limited ; and most of the foreign debts are long - term development loans and direct foreign private investment rather than short - term foreign debts .
china 's economic strength , particularly the foreign economic balancing ability , has been substantially enhanced in the $number years of development , so that china is capable of accepting such a challenge as opening its financial sector to the outside world , and is powerful enough to maintain a stable currency value .
china possesses an exchange reserve amounting to over $ $number and , at the same time , after nearly two years of stagnation , the export exhibits a momentum of vigorous growth .
china 's financial and monetary authorities expect that the implementation of the multi - currency policy and measures $date will also contribute to the stability and appreciation of renminbi 's value .
$number , after acceding to the wto , foreign investment in china will reach a new peak , and renminbi exchange rate will continue to remain stable on the basis of the international payments equilibrium .
in the meantime , a relative shortage of domestic resources will arise , making renminbi even more " valuable . "
the level of renminbi exchange rate now accords to a greater degree with the current economic structure in china . with the domestic inflation rate continuously falling , the pressure of pushing up renminbi 's value has emerged at home , and the condition of renminbi being undervalued in fact has existed abroad .
as a matter of fact , most of the foreign funds entering china are those for direct foreign investment with the advantage of not being easily withdrawn in a short time . moreover , the government 's foreign exchange reserve has exceeded $ $number , only $number to japan in the world , which makes renminbi strong enough to resist any sneak attack by foreign speculators .
$number , the fact that hong kong 's economy has been stabilized and the hong kong dollar remains stable has cut the danger of renminbi 's depreciation by half , because after the return of hong kong to china , the central government must undertake its unshirkable obligation to help the government of the hong kong special administrative region stabilize its linked exchange rate system .
what is more , a large number of china 's foreign trade and economic exchanges are conducted through hong kong and , judging from hong kong 's market for hong kong dollar at present , with the steady inflow of foreign capital , the repeatedly rising share prices in the stock market , and the marked signs of economic recovery , the stabilized hong kong dollar has enabled renminbi to remove its fears of an attack from the rear .
in addition , china 's current balance of foreign debts is as high as over $ $number , if renminbi against the us dollar is devalued by a percentage point , the debt burden will increase by over $ $number , and if it is devalued by $number percent , then the amount will be close to $ $number . hence , whether the devaluation of renminbi is worthwhile is self - evident .
nevertheless , the maintenance of a stable renminbi still depends upon a steady external economic environment and the international monetary system . if the value of japanese yen plummets and the us dollar depreciates by a wide margin , the impact will be much larger than renminbi itself .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - after hearing a briefing by the leading party group of the state administration for entry and exit inspection and quarantine recently , state councilor wu yi pointed out : inspection and quarantine departments should deepen institutional reform aimed at combining " three types of inspections " [ export and import commodity inspection , entry and exit health quarantine , and animal and plant quarantine ] , earnestly improve management , and adapt their method of supervision to the new situation , so as to earnestly serve foreign trade enterprises and exercise strict supervision on behalf of the country .
wu yi pointed out : entry and exit inspection and quarantine departments worked very hard and achieved remarkable results $date .
besides successfully completing the mission of carrying out institutional reform aimed at combining the " three types of inspections , " they achieved fairly good results in performing their duty of enforcing inspection and quarantine laws .
in addition , they actively served the export sector and took the initiative in mapping out measures to reduce fees and improve services .
in the area of fee reduction in particular , they lowered fees on four occasions , slashing levies by as much as $number yuan and greatly alleviating the burden of foreign trade enterprises .
wu yi stressed : faced with the new situation in which china will join the world trade organization , we should expand the role of inspection and quarantine departments .
we should exercise strict supervision over important bulk commodities that have a bearing on the national economy and people 's livelihood , as well as important targets of inspections and quarantine measures that have a bearing on people 's health and the security of the industrial and agricultural sectors , so as to safeguard the country 's interests in accordance with the law .
we should extensively engage in cooperation and exchanges with other countries , fully capitalize on the favorable conditions stemming from our contacts with relevant organizations in foreign countries and our understanding of the latest developments abroad , and take the initiative in helping enterprises improve their production techniques , technological standards , and product quality .
with regard to commodities , animals , and plants that have a bearing on safety , hygiene , health , and the environment , as well as trading practices that could affect our efforts to combat fraud , we should define relevant standards and strictly carry out inspections and implement quarantine measures in accordance with current practices in international trade .
she urged : we should deepen institutional reform aimed at combining the " three types of inspections . "
we should truly realize " six unifications , " especially the unification of fees to improve efficiency . we should never allow the practice of " ostensibly combining the three types of inspections while failing to do so in private , " and should truly combine the " three types of inspections . "
we should earnestly improve management , rationalize internal relations , and improve efficiency in law enforcement .
in addition , we should conscientiously tighten supervision and control over the quality of export and import products , and earnestly search for more effective methods of supervision .
wu yi stressed : we should raise our awareness of service and provide good service to the foreign trade sector .
inspection and quarantine departments should draw on their advantages in technology , information , and service to serve enterprises and help them improve product quality , raise their technological standards , and expand exports .
in particular , inspection and quarantine departments play an irreplaceable role in expanding china 's exports of agricultural products .
in trying to expand the utilization of foreign capital , we also need the coordination of inspection and quarantine departments to create an investment climate that is favorable to improving the quality and standard of utilizing foreign capital .
$number plenary session of the central discipline inspection commission was an important meeting at which president jiang zemin made an important speech and raised " ruling the party before governing the country , ruling the party must be hard and strict " from the height of the new great project of improving building the party , wen jiabao said .
the spirit of the plenary session of the central discipline inspection commission should be seriously carried out and attention should practically be paid to the work of leading officials honesty and self - discipline within the financial sector .
finance is the core of modern economy , he pointed out .
doing good financial work mainly depends on three things ; one is reform , one is technology and management , and another one is political superiority .
while leading officials stressing political awareness , theoretical study and good conduct is the basis of bringing into play the political superiority .
wen jiabao pointed out , in accordance with the actual condition of the financial departments , leading officials must pass " five barriers " which includes barrier of politics , power , money , pleasure - seeking , and relatives and friends before they can really act incorruptible and self - disciplined .
leading cadres of the financial departments at all levels not only are professional cadres in finance , but also before all others are cadres of the party who must restrain themselves by the party constitution and control the overall situation of work from the height of politics .
passing the power barrier means to correctly treat and use power , reasonably use power for the people , manage well the money , stop abusing power for personal gain and trading power for money , wen jiabao pointed out .
the financial sector is in charge of management , use and inspection of credit , bond and insurance fund . under the condition of the market economy , power of controlling financial resource is of vital importance .
the more power we control , the heavier our responsibility is .
we must have the public spirit and insist on principle .
not only should we actively support economic development by providing good financial service , but also should carry out laws and policies of our country by acting in accordance with the market economy planning to guarantee financial security .
we should by no means be able to take advantage of granting loans to ask for or take bribes and take advantage of stock - issuing and insurance settlement to make power - for - money deals .
passing the money barrier requires remaining uncorrupt , absolutely honest , incorruptible , and completely not getting involved in corruption .
it is especially important for leading officials of the financial sector to go through the money pass .
they should do their jobs conscientiously and be faithful in the discharge of their duties to let the party and the people rest assured .
they should enhance practicing the party spirit . they should transform their subjective world while transforming the objective world , nip in the bud and ideologically build a consolidated line of defense .
passing the pleasure - seeking barrier needs to bear hardships before enjoying comforts , needs to be diligent and honest in work , and needs to work hard , wen jiabao said .
at present there exists in some financial institutions a kind of unhealthy tendency of extravagance under which luxury is excessively pursued and money is extravagantly used and negative impacts are formed .
we are communists who should " be concerned before anyone else and enjoy oneself only after everyone else finds enjoyment , " should emulate work contribution and achievement not enjoyment in life .
we should start with the leading cadres to set up good examples for cadres at lower levels .
we should stop meaningless company and spare more time for study . we should go more often to grassroots units to make investigation rather than go to public place of entertainment .
we should make effort to create a tendency of being diligent and honest in work and working hard in the financial sector .
passing the barrier of relatives and friends requires consideration of principles not sensibilities and disciplining well relatives and staff members instead of using power to get illegal benefits for them .
leading cadres should keep a cool head on this issue and must strictly discipline their relatives and children .
$number , leading cadres should often set strict requirements and education in order to prevent their relatives and children from taking advantage of their power and influence to trade for illegal benefits . secondly , when finding the unhealthy tendency of their relatives and children , leading cadres should promptly remind and educate them , promptly stop and correct their mistakes to avoid causing big problems . thirdly , leading cadres should not act wrongly out of personal considerations . they should make prompt report to the organization in case they find that their relatives are against the law .
leading cadres should also discipline well their staff members .
strict requirements must be set not to allow them to take the advantage of their work and abuse the authority of their leaders to trade for personal gains .
leading cadres should insist on principles , should have the courage to manage or challenge a powerful opponent .
leading cadres at all levels should put themselves under the management and supervision of the party organization .
they should further rigorously enforce inner - party living regulations and list investigation of leading cadres honesty and self - discipline as an important content of meeting of democracy practice .
major issues must be collectively discussed and determined by the party committee in order to avoid personal arbitrary decision .
it is an external supervisory mechanism that the financial departments send their board of supervisors . we should rigorously pay attention to this work to bring into full play the role of the board of supervisors .
we should accept the social and press supervision .
we should publicize our work system , work procedure and work result and heed the critical opinions of the masses .
deputy secretary of the central financial work committee yan haowang presided over the meeting .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the central authorities have pointed out that we should launch a drive to " look back " for a period of time after the completion of " three stresses " education .
this is an effective way to deepen rectification and reform and to consolidate and enlarge the fruits of education and ensure that the " three stresses " education is not done in a superficial way .
facts have fully shown that the significance of the concentrated " three stresses " education is far - reaching and notable results have been achieved .
we should realize , however , that we cannot overestimate the success achieved ; some of the problems brought to light during the concentrated education have not yet been resolved well , and the task of implementing and completing the rectification and reform scheme remains very arduous .
it should be said that the concentrated education is the " top sheet " of the entire composition , and the thorough rectification and reform after the concentrated education is the " last sheet . "
we should mainly look at the " last sheet " in weighing up whether the " three stresses " education has truly achieved practical results and whether or not it has been done in a superficial way ; this includes the evaluation of the " three stresses " education for the cadres and masses .
if the concentrated education was done quite well , but the thorough rectification and reform work has not matched it , the results of the entire " three stresses " education will be greatly devalued .
the majority of localities and units which completed the " three stresses " education in the previous stage have seriously implemented rectification and reform measures and continued to solve problems in a thoroughgoing way , achieving very great success .
what merits attention is that there is slackness in a few units , where people feel that " three stresses " has been a success and that thorough rectification and reform is just the work of wrapping it up , so they can take it easy ; some deal with it in a slovenly way or just put on a show , or pigeonhole the rectification and reform plan , with the result that rectification and reform work becomes a mere formality ; some are weary of the business , fail to get a good grasp of rectification and reform work , and do not achieve notable results in it .
launching the drive to " look back " is precisely a practical measure for spurring thorough rectification and reform and preventing and eliminating the phenomena of grasping the work tightly at $number but slackening off later , with a fine start and a poor finish ; it is an effective measure for carrying forward the achievements , overcoming the deficiencies , and consolidating and enlarging the fruits of the education .
the party committees at all levels must fully understand the importance and necessity of " looking back , " and make ever greater efforts to grasp " looking back " in the same way that they grasped the concentrated education , so as to thoroughly implement the central authorities ' plan .
in " looking back " it is $number necessary to deepen study .
the cpc central committee has issued a series of important instructions on launching the " three stresses " education and consolidating and enlarging its fruits .
the " three stresses " education is self - education in marxism for leading cadres .
in launching " looking back , " it is $number necessary to study , appreciate , and implement well the important instructions of the cpc central committee and comrade jiang zemin 's important speeches , sum up and apply well the successful experiences of " three stresses " education , and continue to implement and perfect well the measures and systems for rectification and reform .
" looking back " is a process of study , enhancement , and unification of thinking , and a process of recalling and summing up , squarely facing the deficiencies , and making continuous progress .
all areas and departments must study in depth the important instructions of the cpc central committee and the important speeches of comrade jiang zemin in close connection with the reality of their areas and departments , and raise to a new level the work of summing up the past and planning for the future .
generally speaking , closely centering on stressing politics - - the core - - we should focus on enhancing ideological understanding and resolving the existing problems .
in particular , we must thoroughly consider which major problems affecting reform , development , and stability in our own areas and departments need to be resolved .
as regards the existing problems , we must analyze the causes in a truth - seeking way , unfold serious and conscientious criticism and self - criticism , and reach the goal of exchanging thinking , helping and enhancing each other , and promoting work .
" looking back " is a continuation and deepening of the concentrated " three stresses " education .
we must make full use of the successful experiences of the concentrated education , carry forward the party 's work style of linking with reality , keeping in close touch with the masses , and practicing criticism and self - criticism , and be sure to pursue practical results .
on the basis of studying the documents , we must do a good job in looking at and examining ourselves in accordance with the demand for strict control of the party , analyze and estimate in a truth - seeking way the ideological gains and the rectification and reform work , find the deficiencies , and look into and formulate measures for improving things .
we must persist in " looking back " with the door open ; within a certain limit , we should report to the cadres and masses on the state of looking at and examining ourselves and on rectification and reform , adopt various means to solicit the masses ' views , persist in relying on the masses , and consciously accept the masses ' supervision .
we must strengthen leadership , insist on high standards and strict demands , resolutely oppose and correct unhealthy work styles such as deeds failing to match words and performing one 's duty in a perfunctory manner , strictly implement the rectification and reform responsibility system , proceed step by step , assign responsibility to each person , and get a thoroughly good grasp of implementation .
chengdu , $date ( xinhua ) - - the lingao nuclear power station in guangdong officially begins operation today after it was checked and accepted by the owner . the sichuan chemical and machinery plant produced the nuclear power station 's key equipment .
an industry source said that operation of the nuclear power plant marks the end of the period in which china was not able to produce key equipment for nuclear power plants .
the successful development and manufacturing of the main ducts has filled the gap in china 's manufacture of nuclear power equipment . it also has an important impact on the development of china 's nuclear power industry in the new century .
it signifies that china has not only brought up a group of engineers and technicians to develop and manufacture nuclear power equipment domestically but has also established a complete set of management models and quality assurance systems that conform to international practice .
nuclear power is one of the universally recognized safe , clean , and highly efficient energy sources .
china had a late start in building nuclear power plants . it has built and put into operation only two power plants , the dayawan and qinshan power plants .
the key equipment in these two plants , the main ducts , were all imported from abroad . the sichuan chemical and machinery plant is the largest manufacturer of oil and chemical machinery in southwest china .
taking advantage of its aod furnace smelting technology and its $number - year old centrifugal pouring technology , it began to set foot in the manufacture of nuclear power equipment $date .
in $date , in cooperation with a french company , framatome , the plant began to produce the main ducts used in the $number - mega kilowatt pressurized water reactors . the plant completed the manufacturing of this product last $date .
the organ of the general political department of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] on $date held a report meeting on the advanced deeds of xu zhigong in studying , doing research work and propagating deng xiaoping theory .
yu yongbo , member of the central military commission and director of the general political department , spoke at the meeting . he emphatically pointed out the need to vigorously promote the implementation of the strategic task of using deng xiaoping theory to arm the whole army and further strengthen the ideological and political building of various military units .
xu caihou , member of the central military commission and executive deputy director of the general political department attended the report meeting .
xu zhigong is head of the political theory teaching and research office of the national defense university . for many years , he has regarded the implementation of teaching of " using scientific theory to arm the people " put forward by general secretary jiang zemin as a lofty task , faithfully done research work in a painstaking manner , achieved innovative progress , and made outstanding contributions to teaching and research work on deng xiaoping theory .
jiang hanbin , deputy head of the political theory teaching and research office of the national defense university , and ding shifeng , lecturer of the office , respectively introduced advanced deeds of xu zhigong at the meeting .
at the report meeting , xu zhigong described how he made up his mind to learn and his experience in studying and disseminating deng xiaoping theory .
his interesting report has deeply attracted the attention of cadres of the organ of the general political department who attended the report meeting .
his deeds have reflected the mental outlook of the party 's theoretical workers in the new period and provided profound enlightenment and beneficial lessons for conducting ideological and political work in various military units .
in his speech , yu yongbo highly commended xu zhigong for his significant achievements in learning , studying and propagating deng xiaoping .
yu yongbo pointed out : unremittingly attaching importance to the weapon of theory and enabling officers and soldiers of the whole army to have a deep understanding in marxism - leninism - mao zedong thought , especially deng xiaoping theory , are the fundamental task and basic project in improving ideological and political work of various military units in the new period .
at present , reforms of state and military affairs are intensifying and new situations and problems are emerging constantly . therefore we are faced with many heavy tasks .
party committees and political departments at various levels must pay great attention to the study of theory and adopt effective measures to grasp this work in a solid manner .
our main task and duty are to organize various units to seriously study marxism - leninism - mao zedong thought , especially deng xiaoping theory . we should make improvements in learning , studying and propagating deng xiaoping theory . we should be more conscious and elevate our study to a higher level so as to set a good example for various units .
yu yongbo said : the source of consciousness in studying theory is a firm belief in our ideals .
yu yongbo pointed out : we should effectively implement the " plan for study by military cadres at middle and senior levels . "
all comrade should have a sense of urgency in their study , especially during the period of changes in the society , consciously overcome impulsive mentality , and sit down to study more and better . yu yongbo emphatically noted : we must carry forward the good study style of combining theory with practice .
while seriously transforming the subjective work , we should strive to employ deng xiaoping theory in making policies and use it to guide our work .
we should take deng xiaoping theory and chairman [ of central military commission ] jiang zemin 's important expositions as our guidance , be good at seeking answers by combining theory with practice . we should be good at employing scientific theory to study the new situation , solve new problems , sum up new experiences , and guide our new practice . we should constantly enhance the pragmatic , systematic and creative nature of ideological and political work , and strive to create a new situation in improving the ideological and political work of our army .
yuan shoufang , deputy director of the general political department , presided over the report meeting .
tang tianbiao and zhang shutian , deputy directors of the general political department as well as $number cadres at divisional or higher level of the organ of the general political department and units directly under the department attended the report meeting .
xiamen , $date - - xiamen city mayor hong yongshi appealed today at $number session of the $number city people 's congress that in the face of challenges from the new century and china 's imminent accession to the wto , the xiamen special economic zone must hasten to establish a scientific administrative system that conforms with the rules of international economic operation , and must build an image of a clean and efficient government that governs by law .
xiamen caught the attention of the outside world last year when it was in a " complicated and difficult " situation .
hong yongshi confessed that the city had not done enough in building a clean government and had not been strict enough politically . due to laxness in education , management , and supervision of leading cadres , some profound problems had not been discovered in time and some leading cadres and personnel were involved in smuggling and corruption .
he said : the city has given positive support and assistance to the central special investigation team in the thorough investigation of major smuggling cases . it must make profound introspections in its future investigation and handling of smuggling cases , and draw lessons and inferences from mistakes in order to be stricter in running the government .
hong yongshi said : this year we will conscientiously implement the five - year plan , and promote the drive to govern the city by law . efforts will be made to formulate rules for administrative law enforcement , and make the government more transparent by implementing the system of openness in administrative law enforcement .
a new round of reform of city - level government institutions will be launched , and reshuffling will be carried out in different departments under the government , with emphasis on the solution of the problem of overlapping management and functions . efforts will be made to ensure that we only have to deal with one department for each matter .
he said : xiamen will be introducing and implementing by stages and batches its plan for the reform of the system of project examination and approval in $number half of this year . proceeding from the need to build an administrative environment that is in keeping with international practices , we will thoroughly sort out and slash projects already examined and projects in order to truly steer the work of the government onto the course of strengthening macro - control , formulating operational rules and exercising supervision and management .
at the same time , hong yongshi emphasized the need to further improve the quality of public servants , strive to unite the thinking of the city 's cadres according to the standards of deng xiaoping 's " three beneficials , " further emancipate our mind , overcome the mentality of taking things as they come , creatively unfold our work , and effectively bring into play the role of special economic zones in being $number to blaze new trails and experiment in reform .
new york , $date (zxs) - - zhang hongxi , china 's consul general in new york , said the taiwan issue is what all the chinese people are most concerned about .
zhang hongxi made these remarks when he spoke of chinese ambassador li zhaoxing 's reply letter to us senator jesse helms at a spring festival reception he hosted for overseas chinese media in new york .
zhang hongxi said : we have hoped for many years to use the formula of " one country , two systems " to peacefully resolve the taiwan issue .
now , some people , however , are trying to instigate chinese to fight chinese and compel us step by step to use force .
the consul general said : china has implemented the policy of reform and opening up for $number years , and yet some people in the us congress are still too biased against china .
they turn a blind eye to things that are very obvious , and refuse to comprehend what is transparent to even ordinary people .
they talk about human rights everyday as if the $number chinese people do not have a voice . they treat a few criminals as guests of honor and talk at length about what they call " human rights . " should we not give these people a lecture ?
he said : some of these people have never been to china and are totally ignorant about tibet . yet , they still stand there making criticism . their standards are truly low , although it goes without saying that the cultural gaps between the east and west are too big .
speaking of falungong , zhang hongxi said : the spring festival parade held in flushing , new york , has clearly shown that falungong has joined hands with the " pro - democratic elements " and the " pro - taiwan independence " elements .
nanchang , $date (zxs) - - the nanchang city intermediate people 's court of jiangxi province yesterday sentenced former jiangxi vice governor hu changqing to death in its court of $number instance for accepting and offering bribes , and for his enormous property acquired from unknown sources . after the ruling was made public , people in various localities in jiangxi clapped and cheered and ran around spreading the news .
since the report on sentencing hu changqing to death was broadcast by the central television station in its news program yesterday evening , it has become the topic of conversation among people in various localities of the province .
a cadre of a judicial organ who had attended as an observer the trial and sentencing of hu changqing for three days running told a zxs reporter that the trial of hu changqing 's case was carried out according to law from beginning to end and that this had given expression to the principle that everyone is equal before the law .
he said that $number people and reporters attended the trial as observers . besides , a large number of judicial personnel watched the entire process of the trial and sentencing on closed - circuit television . hu changqing got the death sentence he deserved .
upon learning that hu changqing had been sentenced to death , they all acclaimed the ruling .
a woman hurriedly rode home on her bicycle to tell her relatives at home . the reporter made telephone calls today to his relatives and friends in jiujiang , the northern part of jiangxi , and in ganzhou , the southern part of the province , and learned that the local people universally expressed their agreement with the ruling at the court of $number instance and clapped and shouted , " bravo ! "
a personality here held that the ruling of hu changqing 's case is of uncommon significance because he is $number high - level cadre at the provincial level sentenced to death in several decades , since two high - level officials were sentenced to death in tianjin shortly after the founding of new china .
the personality said that $number years ago , former jiangxi governor ni xiance was sentenced to two years ' imprisonment in nanchang for playing favoritism and committing irregularities , and that caused a sensation throughout the country .
today , hu changqing 's case should cause us jiangxi people to think deeply .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - many vicious incidents involving primary and middle school students took place in china on the eve of the chinese lunar new year , causing a shock and concern in the higher echelons of central leadership .
the ministry of education and the offices of renmin ribao and guangming ribao jointly held a forum today to further strengthen and improve education work and do a better job of ideological education among teenagers .
just before the chinese lunar new year , incidents took place in zhejiang province one after another , in which a middle school student killed his mother with a hammer because she pressured him to improve his grades at school and two middle school students haggled a classmate to death because of money extortion . in henan province , a father of a student gathered some people to confront his son 's class teacher and assaulted him because his son was not chosen as " a three - good student . "
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and other members of the higher echelons of central leadership attached great importance to the incidents and he made an important speech on education work in early $date .
on $date , renmin ribao carried a commentator 's article titled " the entire society should care for and support education undertaking " and column articles separately titled " don 't ' force your son to become a dragon ' " and " every profession produces its own leading authority , " and guangming ribao also successively issued three commentator 's articles on the issue .
while presiding over the forum , education minister chen zhili stressed that we must clearly understand the tremendous significance of doing a good job of education and ideological work among young students and teenagers and the importance , necessity , and urgency of lightening the excessive burdens on students from the height of the rise and fall of the nation and national rejuvenation , the height of the overall situation of the entire party and society and education work , and from the height of education being a systems engineering project that calls for comprehensive management with many sectors involved .
in his speech at the forum , vice education minister lu fuyuan said : these incidents seemed to be accidental criminal cases but judged from deeper perspectives , they are the reflection of problems in various fields , such as school education , social education , and home education .
he criticized all sides concerned for laying one - sided stress on knowledge education to the neglect of education in ideology and politics , ethics , discipline , and the legal system .
narrow education values , the outmoded outlook on talents , and oversimplified education methods have posed a very heavy burden and psychological pressure on the students and seriously harmed the students both physically and mentally rather than helping them develop in an all - round way and improve their quality .
lu fuyuan said : because china has a big population and factors containing social and economic development are many , employment constitutes a big pressure to society , and this employment pressure has sparked competition in admission into higher schools too early at school .
lu fuyuan expounded in details the six measures to be taken to strengthen education work .
he expressed the hope that all social sectors and departments will care for and participate in , particularly all parents of students will understand and support , education work .
everything looks fresh and gay in the early spring of the year of the dragon , the happy festival time will soon come , and the bright moon is shining in the sky .
this evening [ $date ] , the cpc central committee held an evening party at the great hall of the people to celebrate the traditional festival of the chinese nation - - the lantern festival .
party and state leaders including jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing and li lanqing , as well as people of intellectual circles and well - known personages in beijing , totaling $number people gathered there to celebrate the fine festival .
colorful streamers decorated the great hall of the people with solemn brilliance this evening .
at $number , jiang zemin and other leaders of the state walked into the east great hall amid the strains of cheerful music . they smiled and mixed with people of literary and art , scientific and technological , education , theoretic and news circles and other noted personages . the leaders cordially shook hands with participants and they exchanged greetings with each other .
the evening party was presided over by hu jintao , member of the political bureau 's standing committee of the cpc central committee and vice president of the state .
on behalf of the cpc central committee , he $number extended new spring greetings to participants and comrades of intellectual circles and friends in the whole country .
hu jintao said : over the past year the whole party and people of various nationalities of the whole country firmly adhered to the party 's basic line , fully implemented the policy of expanding domestic demand , actively promoted various reform work , realized the planned goal of economic growth , and won new achievements in various endeavors .
we have won major victories in the three political struggles .
we solemnly held activities to celebrate the $number founding anniversary of new china , smoothly regained sovereignty over macao , and greatly enhanced all people 's patriotic enthusiasm and confidence in building socialism with chinese characteristics .
the new achievements and victories we achieved last year were embodied with the wisdom and hard work of comrades and friends of intellectual circles .
we wish to express our heartfelt gratitude to all those who have made contributions to promoting reform , opening up and the modernization drive .
hu jintao pointed out : the year $number is a year of transit into a new century and is also the final year to accomplish $number five - year plan , and important fighting goals at the end of the century .
doing well this year 's work is of great significance to realizing our country 's goals of trans - century development .
we must , under the correct leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core , hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , further deepen the implementation of the spirit of the $number cpc national congress , clearly understand the situation , know our tasks , grasp the opportune time , advance in a pioneering spirit , struggle in unity , and advance the great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics in an all - round way into $date .
at the evening party , many old friends met again and some made new friends . the participants drank tea and talked with each other , exchanging sentiments of friendship .
literary and art workers in beijing gave excellent performances .
they included ensembles of traditional instruments : music of regions south of chang jiang " sanliu " and folk songs of northern shaanxi " xintianyou , " the beijing opera " suolinnang , " magic " colorful lanterns to greet spring , " erhu performance " guangmingxing , " sopranos " drinking a toast to the motherland " and " breaking waves in hong hu . "
their performances added happiness , cheering and laughter to the festivities . the evening party was marked by climaxes .
they were greeted by enthusiastic applause .
leading comrades attending the evening party were : ding guangen , tian jiyun , wu bangguo , zhang wannian , luo gan , jiang chunyun , jia qinglin , qian qichen , wen jiabao , zeng qinghong , wu yi , cao zhi , cheng siwei , ismail amat , wang zhongyu , wang zhaoguo , song jian , zhu guangya , wan guoquan and zhao nanqi .
members of the central military commission fu quanyou , yu yongbo , wang ke , wang ruilin , cao gangchuan , guo boxiong and xu caihou , as well as responsible comrades of concerned departments also attended the evening party .
while intensifying the construction of major websites , it will strengthen the management of domestic websites so as to ensure the healthy and orderly development of the internet .
relevant central officials held that the state should $number establish guiding organs , formulate laws and regulations , and monitor and investigate illegal and harmful news reports . the internet institutions or service providers of non - information units will not be allowed to write or release their own news reports , nor is any website allowed to transmit media reports from abroad as well as from hong kong , macao , and taiwan .
domestic websites are required to obtain approval before being registered abroad . there are currently $number independent websites in china . these websites are of varying types and differ greatly in scale .
officials were of the view that on - line information should be able to satisfy the needs of the people 's just and healthy spiritual life , allow the world to understand china fully , accurately , and in a timely way , and resist the ideological and cultural infiltration of harmful information and its pernicious social influence .
as to internet development , he said , attention should be paid to the following areas : - - establishing on - line central leading organs , centralizing management , and instituting a classified responsibility system ; - - promulgating laws and regulations on internet management ; - - information and propaganda units are required to obtain approval for the setting up of their websites ; - - no website is allowed to transmit media reports from abroad as well as from hong kong , macao , and taiwan ; - - domestic websites are required to obtain approval for overseas registration ; and - - neither the on - line institutions nor internet service providers of non - information units are allowed to release their own news reports .
in a letter to li zhaoxing , chinese ambassador to the united states , the other day , us senator jesse helms publicly denounced a statement made by minister liu xiaoming of the chinese embassy at a news conference in washington . he said that he was " dumbfounded by some of the remarks " ( made by minister liu ) . he asked ambassador li to make a clarification .
talking at a news conference about the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill passed by the us house of representatives a few days ago , minister liu pointed out : if the us congress passes this bill , it will have much more serious consequences than lee teng - hui 's visit to cornell university a few years ago . it will not be a question of china 's recalling its ambassador .
liu also criticized some us congressmen , saying that their understanding of china " only reaches the level of primary school pupils . "
in his remarks , minister liu expressed the chinese government 's solemn stand on the " taiwan security enhancement act , " which the chinese government made clear through the news media when the bill was approved by the house of representatives .
as for minister liu 's criticism of some us congressmen , he has only pointed out the facts , and there is nothing wrong with that .
for this reason , in his reply li zhaoxing refuted helms ' unreasonable accusations .
li pointed out : " after reviewing the relevant transcripts and notes , i have come to the conclusion that there was nothing wrong or inappropriate about minister liu 's remarks at the news conference .
at the news conference , he did remind people of the united states ' decision $date to allow lee teng - hui to visit the united states , which caused relations between the two countries to fall back seriously .
i fully agree with this assessment . "
speaking with the force of justice , ambassador li has fully expressed the stand of the chinese government and people .
ambassador li pointed out : " he ( minister liu xiaoming ) has never compared you and any of your colleagues in congress to 'primary school pupils . '
the nearest comparison i can think of is that , as an american academic put it , even primary school pupils know that taiwan is part of china , but many political figures do not seem to know this truth . "
in fact , a few us congressmen have made some irresponsible remarks about the internal affairs of other countries , but it often happens they do not have even the basic knowledge .
this is not $number time that this type of joke has occurred . what is even more serious , during us election campaigns in recent years , some politicians make a point of using china as a target of attack , saying that china is an " evil empire . " they also have willfully vilified the chinese people and the policy of the chinese government .
this has aroused the indignation of the chinese people . the chinese diplomat just told the truth and yet helms and his ilk have flown into a rage . this shows that these congressmen are rude and unreasonable and are lacking in upbringing .
the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill by the us house of representative is a very serious matter . it has been denounced by both the chinese and us governments . the authorities of the us administration know that some politicians in congress should not be allowed to again willfully undermine the present development of sino - us relations , which is not easy to attain .
even if the senate approves the bill , president clinton has made it clear that he will veto it .
however , if the senate again overrides the president 's veto and passes the bill with a large majority , it will have much more serious consequences than lee teng - hui 's visit to the united states . it would mean that the united states has formally enacted a law to prevent the chinese people 's cause of reunification . should it come to that stage , sino - us relations surely would suffer serious damage .
instead of becoming hysterical , it would be better for senator helms to calm down , comprehensively and objectively ponder sino - us relations , and have a better understanding of china 's present conditions .
in order to deal with the military crisis that might occur in the taiwan strait , the central military commission has decided to set up a fujian joint operational headquarters , which will be directed by guo boxiong , member of the central military commission and executive deputy chief of general staff . from now on to the end of may this year he will be in charge of commanding and transferring all of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] troops in fujian and guangdong .
on $date the headquarters for $number time directed the " routine military exercise " of using submarines to block the taiwan strait in the name of " welcoming the vessel . "
drill on blocking taiwan strait new deputy chief of staff guo boxiong will be in charge of the headquarters . this will be $number large - scale military exercise he has commanded since assuming the new office . it also is a new move taken by top cpc levels to train a new generation of military leaders .
chen bingde , commander of the nanjing military region ; tao bojun , commander of the guangzhou military region ; and yang guoliang , commander of $number artillery , will be deputy commanders of the operation .
reportedly , the headquarters will be in charge of commanding all the naval , air , and ground troops stationed in fujian and guangdong , as well as the troops of $number artillery and armed police , until the end of taiwan 's presidential elections in $date .
it is said that the pla will hold some of its " routine military exercises " against taiwan in the near future . in other words , the pla will take a low posture and will not release the news to the media . however , the exercises will exert a military pressure on taiwan leaders and the military .
after the spring festival , the pla made use of receiving the modern vessel purchased from russia to dispatch a number of vessels to carry out an exercise aimed at blocking the taiwan strait .
the exercise originally was scheduled for early $date . for the sake of letting taiwan residents have a nice spring festival , the vessel had to stay in the pacific ocean for several days and pass through the taiwan strait after the spring festival .
two latest model missile destroyers made by china also joined the " vessel - reception exercise . " equipped with advanced missiles , the vessels have stealth functions . they are $number batch of china - made stealth missile destroyers .
the china - made missile destroyers , in cooperation with the nuclear submarines and russian imported modern vessels , will form a powerful fleet responsible for the strategic blockade of the taiwan strait and dealing with the us aircraft carriers . vessel reception demonstration aimed at checking taiwan independence reportedly , the pla also will conduct a number of " routine military exercises " in fujian , guangdong , and the south china sea during taiwan 's presidential elections .
the exercises mainly will be defensive , including anti - air raid exercises so as to continue to exert military pressure on taiwan . in the event that the trends towards taiwan independence worsen or the us government fails to reject the " taiwan security enhancement act " adopted by us congress , the pla would hold larger scale military exercises and make the necessary military response .
the pla already has delivered large amount of ammunition and transferred large numbers of military vessels to fujian and guangdong . some of the troops in these two provinces already are on level three alert . the troops stationed in the two localities have canceled all leave plans .
the reserve forces at all localities also have started to clean air - raid shelters and examine air - raid facilities .
some of the transport ships and vehicles have been assembled . these ships and vehicles will be used to deliver troops to take part in the " routine military exercises . "
taiwan 's democratic progressive party presidential candidate chen shui - bian [ ch 'en shui - pien ] said yesterday that he thought highly of hong kong and had " high hopes " for its role in cross - strait affairs . he said that should difficulties arise for leaders from both sides of the strait to exchange visits after his election to office , he would be ready to come to hong kong to meet with chinese president jiang zemin .
the " hong kong media delegation to taiwan 's presidential elections " called on chen shui - bian yesterday . when asked by reporters what role hong kong should play in cross - strait relations , chen shui - bian said that he was ready to visit the mainland and hold talks with jiang zemin after getting elected and before taking office in may , but if it was not possible at this stage for leaders from the two sides to meet , then hong kong would be a very suitable place for him to meet with jiang zemin .
claiming to be denied entry by the hong kong government chen shui - bian also hoped that hong kong would be able to play a more frequent and positive role in cross - strait affairs .
however , chen shui - bian also clearly pointed out that even without any " status , " the hksar government would not let him come to hong kong . he said that with an official status after being elected , the hksar government would have more misgivings and would be even less likely to let him come to hong kong .
he hoped that the hong kong media present at the interview would make more appeals on this matter .
during the interview , the hong kong media repeatedly questioned chen shui - bian 's pro - independence stance . chen shui - bian said that his priority after getting elected was to ensure that there would not be any more crises over the taiwan strait . thus , he maintained that the two sides should sit down for talks , even sign a peace agreement , on a reciprocal basis without having a pre - set direction set for the future .
deciding taiwan 's future by referendum however , chen shui - bian still stressed that taiwan was a sovereign state independent of the prc . he said that this was a fact as well as a reality , and that changing the country 's name was out of the question ( because taiwan is already a country ) .
he believed that it should be up to the people of taiwan , not the president or himself , to decide how cross - strait relations should change , and that the people should decide taiwan 's future course by " public referendum . "
chen shui - bian also reiterated his seven - point proposal on " the new century for asian - pacific security , " put forward on $date . he said that he would not have the " two - state theory " enshrined in the constitution after getting elected , would not hold a referendum on unification or independence , and would not change the name of the country , and that taiwan would not declare its independence as long as the mainland did not resort to force .
chen shui - bian also disclosed yesterday that the incumbent taiwan vice president and kmt presidential candidate lien chan had asked a businessman to convey his message to beijing that he would withdraw li teng - hui 's " two - state theory " after getting elected .
alleging that lien chan had sent an envoy to beijing chen shui - bian demanded that lien chan clarify this matter to the public , but there was no response from lien chan yesterday .
chen shui - bian bombarded lien chan yesterday and demanded that he make his clarifications on three questions . in addition to the above - mentioned message to beijing , he also doubted if lien chan would really be discussing " the confederation system " in political talks which he said earlier he would like to have with president jiang zemin .
he also alleged that lien chan had asked a senior kmt adviser to speak to lee teng - hui , asking the latter to give up the post of party chairman .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - " interim provisions for imposing administrative penalty on violation of the provisions for separation between revenue and expenditure in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees and fines " have been discussed and adopted by the $number executive meeting of the state council and been officially promulgated for implementation .
to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees , fines , and forfeitures is an important job to improve fiscal management and rectify fiscal and economic order . it is also an important measure to prevent and correct corruption at the revenue source , keep government functionaries honest and industrious , ensure impartial law - enforcement , and manage government affairs in accordance with the law .
the party central committee and the state council , attaching great importance to this work , have successively made some important decisions in this regard .
$date , $number plenary session of the central commission for discipline inspection proposed " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees , fines and forfeitures . since then , all the subsequent plenary sessions of the commission have emphasized the necessity to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
in particular , the $number national party congress , out of a strategic consideration of party building , state apparatus building and the maintenance of a lasting peace and order , gave a profound explanation and put forward even more clear and definite demands for preventing and correcting corruption at the revenue source .
the party committees , the governments and the fee and fine collecting departments at various levels have seriously carried out the spirit of the $number national party committee and the unified plan of the party central committee and the state council and have achieved noticeable success in practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
$date , the " separation between revenue and expenditure " practice in public security , procuratorial , court , and industry and commerce departments had been extended down to the county level , while it was in practice in other fee and fine collecting departments at the central and provincial levels as well as at the provincial capital city level and the level of city whose mayor holds the same rank as vice provincial governor .
this year , all the fee and fine collecting departments will comprehensively and thoroughly practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management is conducive to rectifying fiscal and economic order and improving fiscal management .
the revenues of administrative service fees , fines , and forfeitures collected by the collecting departments according to law , regulations and rules belong to the state coffers , and they must be put under a unified fiscal management . in the past , these revenues were dispersed and uncontrollable due to lack of a unified and effective standardization and supervision .
in practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , the revenues of collected administrative fees , fines and forfeitures are turned over to the state coffer or to special extra - budgetary fiscal accounts timely and in full amount , while the fiscal department audits and appropriates the normal expense funds to the fee and fine collecting departments in a unified way and in accordance with the principle of using both budgetary funds and extra - budgetary funds .
to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management is conducive to preventing and correcting corruption at the revenue source , to managing government affairs in accordance with the law and to ensuring impartial law - enforcement .
the judicial organ and the administrative law - enforcement organ shoulder the heavy responsibility of implementing laws and regulations and their basic code of conduct and mandatory requirement are to manage government affairs in accordance with the law and enforce the law impartially .
if these organs try to solve fund shortage problems by themselves and let their departments use their functions , powers , and office and adopt various means to " create income " or to use revenues in financing expenses , it is inevitable that their impartiality in performing their official duties will be affected and they are likely to commit fraud or even break the law during the course of law - enforcement , leading to corruption in the judicial organ and the administrative law - enforcement organ .
it is precisely out of such a political consideration that the party central committee has stipulated the " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management . as a part of the legal system , the practice is designed to ensure that the judicial organ and the administrative law - enforcement organ enforce the law impartially and manage government affairs in accordance with the law and it is designed to uphold the authority and dignity of the legal system and ensure lasting peace and order in our party and our country .
so , to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management is an effective measure to prevent corruption at the revenue source ; and it will play an important role in improving the work style of government organs , cultivating a good party style and government discipline and keep state functionaries honest and industrious .
we should see that there still exist some problems in the practice of " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees , fines and forfeitures .
some comrades , particularly some comrades of the fee - and fine - collecting departments and agencies , still do not fully understand the importance of practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees , fines and forfeitures .
in some departments and agencies , the foundation of fiscal management is weak , the fiscal and economic discipline is slack , and the phenomenon of disregarding orders and bans is common .
some of them start new fees or fines without authorization and in violation of regulations ; some keep several account books to conceal and withhold the revenues that should be turned over to the state coffer or special fiscal account ; and others use revenues in financing expenses , misuse revenues or divert them to other purposes .
to solve the aforesaid problems , we should , on the one hand , continue to step up propaganda and education and further strengthen supervision and management , while on the other hand , we should formulate and strictly enforce discipline .
once the work criteria and requirements are clarified , the discipline should keep pace with them . to back an order with law is an important guarantee for practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
to promote comprehensive implementation of the " separation between revenue and expenditure " provisions , it is necessary to enforce discipline , use the discipline as a guarantee , resolutely investigate violators and apply strict disciplinary sanctions against them .
the " interim provisions " contain clear and definite stipulations on the disciplinary sanctions against those who are responsible for any of $number frequent major violations such as starting new fees or fines without authorization , setting fine and forfeiture quota for subordinate units or doing so in a disguised form , opening bank accounts without authorization , failure to turn over the revenues of collected administrative fees , fines and forfeitures to the state coffer or to special extra - budgetary fiscal accounts according to regulations , withholding or diverting to other purpose the revenues of collected administrative fees , fines and forfeitures or using them in financing expenses , and violating the rule of separating the imposition of fines from the collection of fines .
the promulgation and implementation of the " interim provisions " will play a positive and important role in further ensuring the implementation of the stipulations on " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , making the work of " separation between revenue and expenditure " develop in depth , improving the management of fiscal funds , promoting the reform of china 's fiscal system , correcting and preventing corruption at revenue source , and stopping up a managerial loophole once and for all .
the party committees , the governments and the fee - and fine - collecting departments at various levels should further enhance their understanding , seriously implement all the stipulations on " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , correcting irregularities during the course of practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , strictly enforce discipline and ensure that all orders and bans are obeyed .
the supervisory , auditing , fiscal , commodity price and banking departments at all levels should improve coordination among themselves , do a good job in supervision and inspection , resolutely investigate and deal with any violations of the stipulations on " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , and never tolerate such violations .
the guangdong ling ao nuclear power station built by the sichuan chemical engineering machinery plant passed a readiness review by the proprietor and shipment was formally started on $date .
this marks the end of china 's history of being unable to manufacture trunk line [ zhu guan dao $number $number $number ] , which is a key component for nuclear power plants .
nuclear power has become one of the safe , clean and highly efficient energy sources universally accepted in the world , and many countries have considered it a key development project .
at present , only the daya bay nuclear power plant and the qinshan nuclear power plant have been built and put into operation .
a concerned person is convinced that importing nuclear power equipment from abroad is too costly and building nuclear power equipment at home will be an important factor in developing nuclear power in china .
the sichuan chemical engineering machinery plant is the largest petrochemical and machinery manufacturing plant in china 's southwest region .
the plant has taken advantage of its own aod furnace technology and the $number years ' experience in centrifugal pouring technology and started to engage in the manufacture of nuclear power equipment $date .
later , it cooperated with the french framatome [ fa ma tong $number $number $number ] company and started to manufacture mega - kilowatts class trunk line , key component for large - scale pressurized water reactor nuclear power plants in $date . under the strict supervision of the framatome company and representatives of the proprietor , the manufacturing work was completed in $date .
the success in the trial production of the trunk line has filled in our country 's blank in the manufacturing of nuclear power equipment and will have an important impact on china 's development of nuclear power in the new century .
this is china 's only totally domestically produced nuclear power equipment from raw material to finished product . it can save more than $ $number for the state in building each nuclear power plant .
besides , a number of chinese engineers and technicians have received training in nuclear power equipment localization and a management and quality guarantee system in line with the international standard has also been established in the course of the production .
nouakchott , $date ( xinhua ) - - the president of mauritania met chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan on $date , holding that mauritania is willing to strengthen the friendly cooperation relations with china in every field for a better future .
tang jiaxuan , at the invitation of ahmed , mauritania 's minister of foreign affairs and cooperation , arrived in nouakchott on the afternoon of $date for a two - day visit to mauritania .
soon after his arrival , he was warmly received by president taya .
at the meeting , tang jiaxuan firstly conveyed president jiang zemin 's message to president taya , which emphasizes china 's cherishing of the profound and traditional friendship between the two countries and people .
china wishes to proceed from the existing friendly cooperation to further consolidate and strengthen the friendly relations with mauritania in every field for a better future .
president taya thanked president jiang 's warm and friendly message , and asked foreign minister tang to transmit his cordial greeting to president jiang .
taya , on behalf of the government and people of mauritania , expressed gratitude to china 's sincere help over many years , and indicated the wish to strengthen the friendly cooperation relations with china .
taya wholeheartedly congratulated the smooth return of macao , and expressed resolute support for china 's great cause of reunification . he wished to see the two sides across the strait to realize the reunification in an earlier date .
he also enthusiastically welcomed china 's proposal of holding a " sino - african conference - - ministerial - level meeting in beijing . " he thought this move is of significant meaning in consolidating the unity and cooperation between china and africa . mauritania will give full support to this .
tang jiaxuan held that china and mauritania are old friends sharing weal and woe . the friendly relations between the two sides are built on mutual trust , equality , and mutual support .
under the current complex situation of the world featured by in - progress multi - polarity of politics as well as globalization of economy , china wishes to join hands with the old friend to work out a flexible and diversified way for cooperation , and the way does not necessarily have a fixed form , so to move the friendly cooperation between the two countries to a newer and higher level .
after the meeting , president taya threw a bash on tang jiaxuan as a token of welcome .
during his stay , tang jiaxuan will also hold talks with ahmed , minister of foreign affairs and cooperation , on further strengthening bilateral ties as well as issues of common concern . on behalf of each other 's government , they signed an economic and technological cooperation agreement .
tang jiaxuan will wrap up the visit to mauritania on the afternoon of $date , and leave nouakchott for tunis .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - on $date , zhu rongji , premier of the state council , signed a state council decree to promulgate the " interim provisions governing administrative punishments for those who violate the ' regulations concerning the revenues from and expenses for collecting administrative charges , fees , fines , and forfeitures ' [ hereafter called the ' interim provisions ' ] . "
on $date , the state council 's $number executive meeting discussed and adopted the " interim provisions . " the " interim provisions " were promulgated and became effective on $date .
the " interim provisions " have a total of $number articles . they aim to upgrade fiscal and economic disciple ; to enhance honest government building ; to ensure proper management over the revenues from and expenses for collecting administrative charges , fees , fines , and forfeitures ; and to facilitate administration according to law .
the " interim provisions " stipulate : administrative punishments shall be meted out according to the " interim provisions " to state government functionaries and personnel from organs and units that have been authorized by law and administrative regulations to collect administrative charges , fees , fines , and forfeitures and whose behavior violated the " regulations concerning the revenues from and expenses for collecting administrative charges , fees , fines , and forfeitures . "
the " interim provisions " specifically expounded and defined the contents and definitions of " administrative charges and fees " and " the revenues from collecting fines and forfeitures . " they have also listed in detail various situations where people violated the " regulations concerning the revenues from and expenses for collecting administrative charges , fees , fines , and forfeitures , " and corresponding administrative punishments .
the " interim provisions " also pointed out : the authority for executing administrative punishments and the appeals against administrative punishments shall be facilitated in accordance with relevant state provisions .
those who have violated the " interim provisions " and whose acts have constituted crimes shall be investigated and prosecuted for their criminal liabilities .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - interim provisions governing administrative punishment for violation of the regulations on separating revenues from expenditures in managing administrative charges and revenues derived from fines and confiscated goods article $number . these provisions are formulated in accordance with law , administrative laws and regulations , and other relevant state regulations in an effort to strictly enforce financial and economic discipline , strengthen the building of a clean and honest government , implement the " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing administrative charges and revenues derived from fines and confiscated goods , and promote administration by law . article $number .
civil service personnel of the state and functionaries of institutions authorized by law or administrative laws and regulations to exercise the functions of collecting administrative fees and fines and the functions of confiscation shall be given administrative punishment in accordance with these provisions when they violate the regulations on " separation between revenues and expenditures . "
operation or service fees collected by institutions for rendering certain services do not belong to the category of administrative fees .
the term " revenues derived from fines and confiscated goods " in these provisions refers to revenues derived from fines imposed and goods confiscated in accordance with the law by departments authorized by law or administrative laws and regulations to impose penalties .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for establishing categories of administrative fees or meting out confiscation without authorization and in violation of the regulations shall be given the penalty of demotion or removal from office .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for changing the scope or standard of administrative fees , fines , and confiscation without authorization and in violation of the regulations shall be given the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in his or her personal record , or demotion or removal from office in case the nature of violation is serious .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for collecting administrative fees that have already been abolished by specific orders of the organs authorized to review and approve administrative fees and supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for collecting administrative fees at the original standard after the standard has already been lowered by the organs authorized to review and approve administrative fees shall be given the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in his or her personal record , or demotion or removal from office in case the nature of violation is serious .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for assigning quotas of fines or confiscation openly or in disguise shall be given the penalty of demotion or removal from office .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for imposing administrative fees in violation of the regulations of the " fee collection permits " shall be given the penalty of a disciplinary warning or having a mistake or a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record in case the nature of violation is serious .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for imposing administrative fees , fines , or confiscation in violation of the regulations governing the management of negotiable financial instruments shall be given the penalty of demotion or removal from office ; those who collect money or goods in the name of collecting administrative fees without issuing receipts shall be expelled from the civil service .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for violating the decision on fines and the regulations governing the separation between collecting fines and surrendering the fines to the state shall be given the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record or the penalty of demotion .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for failure in performing the duty of collecting administrative fees , fines , and confiscation who refuse to mend their ways after being criticized and educated shall be given a disciplinary warning , or having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for failure to incorporate collected administrative fees into the unit 's account for unified booking and management shall be given the penalty of having a mistake recorded in the person 's personal records , or having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record or demotion in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for failure to transfer the collected administrative fees to the state treasury or special accounts for non - budgetary funds in accordance with the regulations shall be given the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record or the penalty of demotion or removal from office in case the nature of violation is serious .
failure to transfer the fines collected and revenues derived from confiscated goods to the state treasury in accordance with the regulations shall be handled in accordance with the preceding clause .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for opening a bank account without authorization and in violation of the regulations shall be given the penalty of demotion , or the penalty of removal from office or expulsion from the civil service in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for holding back or diverting administrative fees and fines as well as revenues derived from confiscated goods or directly responsible for using them to finance other expenses shall be given the penalty of demotion , or the penalty of removal from office or expulsion from the civil service in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for using administrative fees and fines as well as revenues derived from confiscated goods to increase welfare subsidies standards , increase the scope of welfare subsidies , distribute cash awards or prize in kind , spend extravagantly , or spend in excess of the prescribed limit shall be given the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in the person 's record , or the penalty of demotion or removal from office in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for failure to draw up revenue and expenditure plans , their unit 's financial revenue and expenditure plans , and final revenue and expenditure accounts for non - budgetary funds in accordance with the regulations shall be given the penalty of having a mistake noted in the person 's personal record , or the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record or demotion in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for failure to appropriate funds in accordance with the budget and approved revenue and expenditure plans , thereby adversely affecting the recipients ' normal work , shall be given the penalty of having a mistake noted in the person 's personal record , or the penalty of having a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record or demotion in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . anyone who retaliates against units or individuals that uphold principles and resist behavior that violates law and discipline in demanding administrative fees , imposing fines , and making confiscation shall be given the penalty of demotion , or the penalty of removal from office or expulsion from the civil service in case the nature of violation is serious .
article $number . the enforcement of authority in administrative punishment and the appeal of administrative punishment shall be handled in accordance with the relevant state regulations .
article $number . anyone who violates these provisions and whose behavior constitutes crime shall be investigated to affix his or her criminal responsibility .
article $number . these provisions shall come into force as of the date of promulgation .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - this year , china will further expand the dynamics of reforming the information industrial structure with the focus on network structure and the business structure . it was learned from the ministry of information industry that to promote china 's informationization in an all - out manner , the ministry of information industry will further build and improve basic networks and attach importance to expanding the construction of connection networks [ jie ru wang $number $number $number ] .
china will continue to expand the capacity of mobile communication networks which have already grown up rapidly and to expand these networks ' frequency utility , connection , and coverage rates in an effort to create conditions for further developing digital mobile communication services . at the time of facilitating the development of digital multimedia networks , china will expand the bandwidth of international portal sites on the internet , increase the interconnected capacity of key networks at home , and strive to resolve as quickly as possible the problems of slow access to the internet .
vice information lu xinkui of information industry said that structural contradictions have constantly been a major problem affecting the sound development of the information industry .
due to the lack of effective macro - control measures , some localities and departments vied with one another to develop products in great demand ; thus the phenomena of blind investment and redundant construction still survive despite repeated prohibitions .
the communication service and network structures are not reasonable enough . there are only a few large group companies in china which have competitive power on the international market . besides , china has an excess production capacity of low - and medium - grade products and relies mainly on imports to develop value - added products . lu xinkui urged : the responsible departments at various levels should work in line with actual conditions .
according to the industrial policies , the priorities in developing information products , and the local realities , the information industry should bring into play the functions of its new growth points , work with purposes , lay stress on key points , accurately define ways for development , and maintain its vigor and vitality .
the information industry should grasp the favorable chance that the state is carrying out the strategy of developing the western areas in a big way to accelerate the pace of developing communication infrastructure facilities and the information industry in the western areas .
according to demands , china defines the targets for developing the information industry $date as follows : the communications business income should reach $number yuan . a total of $number yuan will be invested in the fixed assets of the communications industry . the telephone services will cover $number percent of the population nationwide . the industries engaged in the manufacturing of electronics and information products will have their sales incomes reach $number yuan and their total export value reach $ $number .
the consulate general of the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] in hong kong was opened officially yesterday .
the office will process business visas and provide information on the dprk to the outside world .
a spokesman indicated that the key function of the consulate general , located on wanchai bund , is to promote economic and cultural exchanges between the dprk and hong kong .
the spokesman said yesterday that the dprk government is very pleased that the chinese government allows it to set up a consulate in hong kong . the consulate general 's key function is to promote economic and cultural exchanges .
the spokesman also expressed hopes that setting up a consulate in hong kong will help the outside world understand more about the dprk .
this is $number time the dprk has set up a diplomatic organization in hong kong .
the consulate can provide business visas . however , hong kong residents who want to tour the dprk still need to apply for a tourist visa through a travel agency , and they must visit the dprk with a tour group .
recently , i have heard a comment : after china 's entry to the world trade organization , its automobile industry will have no prospect and , therefore , can be abandoned .
the automobile industry is a pillar industry , which can motivate and positively affect the technological innovation and development of related industries .
the increase of one unit in the output value of the sedan - making industry can lead to at least a $number - unit increase in the output value of related industries .
in no way can such an industry be abandoned .
the united states is a " country on wheels , " whose economic development is inextricably linked with automobiles .
during the $number years of japan 's fast economic development , the national economy of that country scored a $number - fold growth , while the output value of its automobile industry increased $number times .
in contrast , the british economic status has declined with the dwindling of its automobile industry .
statistics have it that in the united states $number percent of the natural rubber , $number percent of the industrial robots , $number percent of the man - made rubber , $number percent of the machine tools , and $number percent of the rolled steel are used for automobile production .
in our country , whether automobiles can get into the chinese families is still a controversial issue , but this is merely a question of time .
sales records of beijing 's major automobile markets show that last year sales of private vehicles accounted for $number percent of the total sales volume .
as can be seen , abandoning the automobile industry is tantamount to giving this big market to foreign businesses .
is there any prospect of developing china 's automobile industry ? if we develop our automobile industry in the traditional mode of the industrial economy , it has no prospect .
but if we develop it with new ideas and by using new technologies , i think we can open a new way .
in the past , the invention of automobiles certainly brought an earth - shaking change to the world .
today , however , we are in an era when the world is changing automobiles . resources available in the world and the pressure of environmental protection have opened up a very promising prospect for developing new - fuel automobiles . in this regard , china is more or less on the same starting line as developed countries . the question is whether we know where the starting line is and how to start - - this is the crux of the matter .
the reason for pessimism among some people at present is that they have no confidence in our own technologies .
for instance , some of our science and technology experts once visited our big automobile plants and offered to help develop robots for doing the spot - welding and spray - painting work , but the plant managers said that they would not use china - made robots .
under the new opening condition , of course , we need to acquire technologies from others , but what is more needed is technologies created by ourselves and intellectual property rights that we can use on our own .
without developing our own technologies , we will have no way out .
we chinese scientists and technicians should launch a struggle : we should get china 's automobile industry involved in international competition .
it is imperative to seize two existing opportunities : one opportunity is that the world is now changing automobiles .
the other is that we have advantages in certain fields .
now , the question of the world is how the world should change automobiles . when it comes to china , the question is how china should change its automobiles .
our $number and foremost goal is environmental protection and energy conservation .
with regard to the former , we cannot follow the old track of causing pollution $number and correcting the problem later . we should go ahead to develop clean - fuel vehicles .
this should be one of the major directions for changing our automobiles .
in addition to the above , we have to solve the question of safety .
to solve the above - mentioned questions , we should understand the different demands and study china 's automobile market .
we should look into such questions as whether our products made by imported technologies can meet our demands and how to raise our technological level under the guidance of the market .
if we stipulate that any automobile whose exhaust gas cannot meet the environmental - protection requirement is not allowed to come to beijing , the technological question of how to make the exhaust gas clean will come up .
although automobile manufactures are concerned about money - - they want to do everything possible to save money - - if the state has a law in this respect , the technology for clean exhaust gas will be developed and popularized .
all in all , there is ample room for development . what is needed is the market 's driving force and the related state policies . but the most fundamental determinant is whether we have the consciousness and resolution in this respect and whether we can concentrate our efforts on overcoming the difficulties involved .
my conclusion is that it can have a way out if it acts on new ideas , think in a new way , and use new and high technologies while taking our national conditions into consideration .
by doing so , it may even lead the world .
china 's automobile industry as a whole is still at a relatively low level , and because of this , it has less problems hindering its development in the new direction .
now that the automobile industry is at a turning point , if we seize the opportunity to go our own way , we may $date in the van of the world .
to aim high means that we should create our own technologies and $date ahead of others in the world . to have a firm footing means that we should work in a down - to - earth way based on our national conditions . by doing so , we will be able to open a new way of our own .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the supreme people 's procuratorate today publicized the opinions on a three - year procuratorial reform , which aims to boost the procuratorial reform , improve the procuratorial work , perfect the procuratorial system , and strengthen the procuratorial function .
zhang qiong , deputy procurator - general , when briefing reporters on related situations , emphasized that to reform the procuratorial work and strengthen the function and role of legal supervision , it is necessary to gradually set up a coordinated investigation mechanism , where the procuratorial organs across the country support , coordinate with , and assist each other ; to build in the supreme people 's procuratorate and all provincial - level procuratorates an investigation commanding center featured by unhindered acquisition of information , acute response , and effective commanding ability and a " personnel bank " of backbone investigators ; and to standardize in a comprehensive manner all kinds of procuratorial work , strengthen work guidance , and form an operation mechanism ensuring judicial justice .
he said , we should reform the mechanism for prosecutors to handle cases and build a system whereby the main prosecutors and the main procuratorial officials in charge of the cases assume full responsibility . the aim is to decrease administrative intervention over case handling , and specifically define procedures for the prosecutors and the procuratorial officials to investigate and handle cases , as well as their functions . beginning this year , this system should be implemented in the prosecution sector across the board , and a system whereby chief procurators , deputy chief procurators , and responsible persons from all the departments of procuratorates handle cases in person should also be pursued and insisted on .
zhang qiong said , it is imperative to reform the supervision systems inside and outside procuratorial organs , and ensure the upholding of justice , honesty , and high efficiency .
to do so , we have to boost the endeavor of " opening the procuratorial work to the public , " and unceasingly broaden the scope and way to do it .
it is imperative to build a system of giving feedback to persons who have reported crimes , making the inspection procedures of criminal cases open to the public , and reviewing the cases that have been handled . we should standardize the system of informing parties in a lawsuit of their rights and obligations . we should work out a system to make public the procedure to decide not to file a case for investigation and prosecution . the system of holding open trials for civil cases and administrative counterappeals should be carried out and improved .
zhang qiong held that procuratorial reform is a long process , and should be conducted in phases and a planned manner , and new reform measures should be adopted only when conditions are ripe .
procuratorial reform is also a profound transformation , involving all the aspects of procuratorial work , and closely related with every procuratorial personnel . the reform calls for innovation in systems as well in concepts .
he urged procuratorial organs at all levels and the broad masses of procuratorial cadres and police to uplift spirits , advance in pioneering spirit , accomplish in a creative manner the reform duties posed by the opinions over the three - year procuratorial reform , and make new contributions to the building of a socialist procuratorial system with chinese characteristics .
a concerned expert in beijing today revealed that with the implementation of a great strategy for developing the western region , the state will promote policies in favor of the western region in four fields : the state will appropriate $number percent of obtainable foreign funds to the western region , permit cities in the western region to issue lottery tickets for the construction of infrastructure facilities , expand the scale of issuance of bonds by local enterprises , and try to establish an industrial investment fund in the western region .
the concerned expert points out that the state will appropriate $number percent of obtainable foreign capital to the western region .
in the indirect use of foreign capital , the state will divide funds borrowed from foreign governments and international commercial banks into small parts and allocate them to provincial and city governments .
in the direct use of foreign capital , the state will encourage foreign enterprises to make more investments in various fields and set up more joint ventures in the western region .
the state will encourage foreign - capital banks to set up representative offices or operational branches in china 's western region .
the state will permit cities in the western region to issue lottery tickets to accumulate funds for the construction of infrastructure facilities , such as museum , stadium and other projects of public welfare nature .
the scale of issuance of bonds by local enterprise may be expanded .
limits on scale will be removed for a certain period . the state planning commission will administer this work in a strict manner .
the state will try to establish an industrial investment fund in the western region .
special and favorable consideration will be given to the western region since the competitive power there is inferior to the eastern coastal region .
the concerned expert notes that since the founding of the state development bank five years ago , it has implemented the state 's macro - economic policy , industrial policy and regional development policy . the bank has supported the development in central and western regions and the amount of loans extended to central and western regions accounted for $number percent of its total loans each year .
at present , the state development bank has extended loans to central and western regions with a total of nearly $number yuan . in gansu , qinghai and ningxia , the bank has successively supported state and local key construction projects such as the shaanxi - gansu - ningxia gas field , the lan - xin railway , the daxia hydroelectric power state , the jinchuan nonferrous metal mine , the ningxia power plant , the qinghai oil field and the lijiaxia hydroelectric power station .
recently the state development bank has set up branches in lanzhou and urumqi .
to meet the need of the great national strategy of developing the western region , the ministry of communications has made plans to build eight major transportation lines .
the eight major transportation lines are : passages from lanzhou to yunnan , baotou to beihai , xinjiang 's altar to hongqilapu , yinchuan to wuhan , xian to hefei , xining to korla , chongqing to tibet 's zhangmu , and changsha to chongqing .
those projects will be built with state investment and local self - collected funds . construction work will be started in segments in various provinces , autonomous regions , and the municipality . the railways departments will build " three vertical and four horizontal " main lines .
from $number , china will invest $number yuan in railway construction . the plan includes the building of $number km of new railways , the expansion of $number km of railways into double - track , electrification of $number km of existing railways and the construction of $number km of local railroads .
concentrated efforts will be made to build the " three vertical and four horizontal " main lines . the three vertical lines will be the land - to - sea main communications line from china 's northeast to the chang jiang delta ; a thoroughfare from luoyang to zhanjiang , guangdong and hainan ; and a thoroughfare from baotou to xian , chongqing and guiyang . the four horizontal main lines will be a railway from shenshuo to shuohuang , a railway from xian to nanjing , a thoroughfare from sichuan to wuhan and nanjing , and the double - track railway from zhuzhou to liupanshui .
according to the plan of the china power company , in the next $number years , china will lay stress on developing hydropower plants in the western region . the goal is to realize " sending electric power from the west to the east " and establish a national joint power supply network .
at present , the eastern region only accounts for $number percent of the national hydroelectric power resources but $number percent of hydroelectric power resources in the eastern region has been developed . however , the western region accounts for $number percent of the total national hydroelectric power resources but only $number percent of those resources have been developed .
" gas from the western region will be transmitted to the eastern region " to ensure supply for $number years .
the expert revealed that china is building a great energy supply line from xinjiang in the west to shanghai - abundant natural gas produced in the western region will be delivered to the economically developed chang jiang delta through gas pipelines to alleviate the situation of shortage of energy sources in the eastern region .
the amount of investment for the project of " transmitting gas from the western region to the eastern region " reaches $number yuan . it involves the construction of a main gas pipeline with a length of $number km . the project is to be completed $date according to the plan .
construction work will be done in $number provinces , autonomous regions and cities .
at present , a section of the main gas pipeline from eastern sichuan to wuhan is being built while an internal transmission network of western oil and natural gas fields is basically operational .
china 's western region has a deposit of $number [ er shi liu wan yi $number $number $number $number $number ) cubic meters of natural gas , accounting for $number percent of all land - based natural gas deposits in china .
the total accumulated known deposits of natural gas in china 's western region is $number cubic meters and the annual production capacity has reached $number cubic meters , which far exceed the actual local need .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in order to help the vast number of cadres and masses study still better comrades mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin 's expositions on ideological and political work , and conscientiously implement the cpc central committee 's " opinions on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " the propaganda department of the cpc central committee has compiled a book entitled " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work , " which has been recently published by study publishing house , and distributed by xinhua bookstore .
it has been a fine tradition and political strength of our party to attach great importance to ideological and political work and give full play to its important role in revolution and construction .
in directing china 's revolution and construction , comrades mao zedong and deng xiaoping attached great importance to ideological and political work .
their theory on ideological and political work forms an important part of mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
as the party 's general secretary , comrade jiang zemin , in light of the new historical conditions , has made many important expositions on how to do good ideological and political work in the new situation .
his expositions on ideological and political work represent his achievements in carrying forward , enriching , and developing the theory by $number and $number generations of leadership core on ideological and political work .
studying , researching into , and propagating the expositions by the three generations of party leadership core on ideological and political work is of extremely important significance to strengthening and improving ideological and political work .
compiled by topic and in chronological order , " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " contains comrades mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin 's important expositions on five areas of ideological and political work , namely , its role and functions , guideline and principles , main content , laws and methods , and the need for strengthening the party 's leadership over ideological and political work .
on the necessity of placing ideological and political work in a very important position , the book mainly highlights the point that ideological and political work is a guarantee of success in all other things . in order to improve the party 's leadership , the very primary thing is to strengthen ideological and political work . the further we pursue reform and opening up , the more we need to strengthen ideological and political work .
regarding the necessity of holding to the correct guideline and principles in ideological and political work , the book mainly emphasizes that it is necessary to uphold marxism as a guiding ideology and make education in ideals and beliefs a kernel ; that it is necessary to uphold economic construction as the center , and make ideological and political work serve the general interests of the whole party and the whole country ; that it is necessary to uphold the principle of proceeding from reality , and make sure that ideological and political work is done both up to advanced standards and on a vast scale ; that it is necessary to uphold the principle of integration of education and administration ; that it is necessary to uphold the principle of dealing with both ideological issues and practical problems ; and that it is necessary to mobilize all sectors of society to make concerted efforts .
regarding how to conduct ideological and political education in a deep - going way and in a down - to - earth manner , the book mainly emphasizes that it is necessary to arm all the party and to educate cadres and people with scientific theories ; to carry out in a deep - going way the education in our party 's basic line ; to extensively promote education in patriotism , collectivism , and socialism ; to extensively promote education in the spirit of building an enterprise through arduous effort ; to conduct , in a deep - going way , education in marxist materialism , atheism , and the spirit of science ; to strengthen education in the understanding of situation and policies , the democratic legal system , and the need for safeguarding social stability ; and to promote education in socialist ethics .
regarding the need for exploring laws and methods to improve ideological and political work in the new situation and for carrying out all tasks down to the grass - roots level , the book mainly emphasizes that , in exploring laws and methods of ideological and political work , it is necessary to emancipate our minds and uphold the principle of seeking truth from facts ; that it is necessary to give full play to mass media 's important role in ideological and political work ; that the masses ' efforts to develop spiritual civilization should be made an important carrier for ideological and political work ; that it is necessary to attach importance to the social educational function of culture ; that it is necessary to pay attention to promoting the exemplary and guiding role of advanced models ; and that it is necessary to carry out ideological and political work down to the grass - roots level .
as to how to truly strengthen the party 's leadership over ideological and political work , the book mainly emphasizes that it is necessary to uphold the principle of grasping by both hands and be tight with both hands ; that the party must really take care of party affairs and be strict in party administration ; that it is necessary to vigorously strengthen the building of grass - roots party organizations ; and that it is necessary to strive hard to build a high - quality contingent of ideological and political workers .
as far as its contents are concerned , this book has fully presented the expositions of the three generations of leadership core on ideological and political work as an integrated system .
it provides some important teaching material for the vast number of cadres and masses to study , research into , and propagate the basic theory of our party 's ideological and political work .
fu quanyou , member of the central military commission and chief of general staff , stressed at a symposium held today by the general staff headquarters on the study of military theories : to thoroughgoingly implement the military strategic principle for the new period , we must devote great efforts to studying and resolving the issue of combined operations under high - tech conditions , and must work hard to enhance the combat effectiveness of all services and arms of our army in conducting combined operations .
we must conscientiously study and master the series of important ideas of the party 's leading core of three generations , especially the important ideas of chairman jiang , on combined operations ; develop a strong sense of mission and a strong sense of urgency in this aspect ; attach great importance to , and make assiduous studies of , issues concerning combined operations ; and strive for tangible results in getting ourselves well prepared for future military struggles .
the symposium was presided over by guo boxiong , member of the central military commission and executive chief of general staff .
fu quanyou pointed out : combined operations are an natural product of the development of war ; and the combat effectiveness of an army in conducting combined operations has a direct bearing on both the process and the outcome of a war .
judging by the evolution history of war , especially by the several limited wars that have taken place during a recent period , we can see that combined operations have become a basic pattern for limited wars under high - tech conditions ; and along with a development towards the orientation of integrated forces , digitalized battlefields , command networks , accurate strikes , and integral logistics support , the position and roles of combined operations are becoming increasingly prominent .
today , all countries in the world have laid much stress on the issue of combined operations .
our army has also carried out active studies and explorations in this aspect ; in particular , the essentials of combined operations of $number generation , which was signed and issued by chairman jiang , has marked the beginning of a new development phase for our army in the theory and practice of combined operations .
enhancing the combat effectiveness of our army in conducting combined operations is a complicated system project , stressed fu quanyou . to ensure success in this aspect , we must firmly grasp the five key thoughts of understanding and concept , command , methods of operation , logistics support , and training ; draw up scientific plans for the work , make painstaking efforts in organizing the work ; and reinforce guidance over the work .
we should adapt ourselves to the development needs of the times , and to changes in the pattern of war ; and conscientiously reinforce our awareness of overall interests , awareness of system , awareness of quality , awareness of information , and awareness of efficiency .
we must establish and perfect a commanding mechanism for combined operations , and ensure a smooth and highly efficient unified command .
we should carry forward and develop the fine tradition of the people 's war ; correctly understand and handle the relationship between man and weapons , tactics , and technologies ; create new and effective methods of operation for vanquishing the enemy ; muster crack forces , and hit the vital points of the enemy ; make the best use of our advantages and bypass disadvantages , and strike out in a flexible manner ; and draw up an overall combat plan , and defeat the enemy with a coherent force .
meanwhile , we must step up our work in every aspect of the logistics support of our army , so as to lay a sound material foundation for combined operations .
besides , we must reinforce the training of combined operations ; develop new theories , learn new knowledge , master the use of new equipment , and foster and bring up a new batch of able personnel ; ensure an in - depth development in both the study and practice of combined operations ; and make due contribution to an effective exercise of duties , and to the lengthy and peaceful reign , prosperity , and stability of our country .
among those attending the symposium were kui fulin and wu quanxu , deputy chiefs of general staff ; zhang li , assistant to chief of general staff ; and cadres at and above the divisional level from the administrative organs of the general staff headquarters .
q : it is reported that us immigration and naturalization service officials currently visiting hong kong said that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china . what comment do you have on this ?
a : the " falungong " organization is a cult that endangers chinese society and people .
the chinese government 's crackdown on this organization in accordance with the law is aimed at protecting the basic human rights and freedoms of its citizens ; it is an effective measure to safeguard social stability and to prevent the organization from doing greater harm to the public . the chinese government 's handling of the " falungong " issue has won the firm endorsement and support of people across the country . the international community has also shown understanding on this issue .
the us immigration and naturalization service officials disregarded these basic facts and brazenly proclaimed that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china . this is a typical example of the double standard that the united states adopts on the question of cults . we firmly oppose this .
we demand that the us side understand and respect the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving and handling the " falungong " issue , and refrain from doing anything that interferes in china 's internal affairs and from creating new difficulties for sino - us relations .
q : recently , a un mediator responsible for humanitarian affairs in iraq submitted his resignation to secretary general kofi annan to protest un sanctions against iraq , which have lasted nearly $number years . an iraqi - based representative of the world food program also announced the resignation of his post as a representative for the same reason .
does china have any comment on the resignation one after the other of the two iraqi - based representatives of international organizations to protest un sanctions against iraq ?
china always holds that to ease up the humanitarian difficulty facing the iraqi people , the un " oil for food " program should be earnestly and comprehensively implemented .
however , it is to be regretted that because of the obstruction by one or two countries , the program has not yet been effectively and smoothly carried out .
we urge relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude to create conditions for improving the humanitarian situation in iraq .
hong kong , $date (zts) - - incidents of hackers doing harm to networks in various parts of various countries have attracted great attention in beijing . a spokesman of the chinese foreign ministry explicitly said not long ago that china is much concerned about hacker incidents and any undesirable behavior on networks is not welcome .
in recent years , computer networks have become an important factor promoting the economic growth of various countries , and the global online business volume already reached $ $number $date .
although china 's internet made a late start , it has developed rapidly . it is estimated that at the end of this year , the number of internet users will reach $number and e - commerce will become a hot spot .
this needs a good environment for network development and needs operational security of networks .
in the past few years , hacker incidents have constantly occurred in various parts of the world , and in the beginning of this year , the situation became even worse .
it has been learned that in the united states , network hackers launched attacks to " interrupt the service " of eight well - known websites , including yahoo , amazon.com , and cnn , for three days running , causing economic losses exceeding $ $number .
what shocked the computer specialists was that the network hackers were able to organize a large - scale attack on the networks so easily .
it has been learned that recently , network hacker cases have repeatedly occurred in china and relevant departments crack nearly $number hacker cases each year . the number of hackers ' ways to attack have exceeded the number of computer viruses , and hackers have a dozen of means that can be implanted into computer programs .
for example , on $date , hackers invaded into the international travel service vacation website , at which china 's $number online tourist auction had just been conducted .
the computer center of the travel service discovered its secret codes were deciphered by someone with software used by telecommunications departments especially for deciphering secret codes of telephone users , and the hacker entered its chat room in the name of " wang guan , " and deleted all data of online friends registered with the chat room .
prior to this , police in shanghai arrested a " hacker " with the surname yang for damaging computer information systems .
initial investigation showed that he is a student of the computer mathematics faculty of the postgraduate school of a well - known university . he has invaded , one after the other , a certain science and technology network and a certain information network in shanghai , causing economic losses of $number yuan .
in recent years , while speeding up the development of the internet , relevant departments in china have energetically adopted effective legal and technological measures to earnestly safeguard the security of networks and to clamp down on network hackers .
as early as $date , china 's ministry of public security promulgated the " procedures for the security protection and management of computer networks and international networks , " which forbid any unit or individual to enter without authorization or to damage computer information networks .
in china 's " criminal law " revised $date , an explicit provision on criminal punishment for the illegal invasion into important areas of computer information systems was added .
the " provisions for the secrecy management of computer information systems and international internet , " which came into force on $date this year , explicitly demand that all computer information systems involving state secrets shall not be directly or indirectly linked with the international internet or other public information networks , and shall be physically isolated ; all information involving state secrets shall not be stored , processed or transmitted in the computer information systems of the international internet ; all individuals and units shall not release , discuss or transmit state secret information .
what is worth mentioning is that the promulgation of regulations on strengthening the management of networks was criticized by some western officials and media . at present , serious cases of hackers ' invasion into networks have occurred in these countries and they are compelled to clamor for " strengthening network management . " it can thus be seen that china had foresight when it implemented network management procedures ahead of others .
although different countries have different ways of management , they share the same goal in strengthening network supervision , that is , to guard against hackers ' interference and damage .
china 's police also recently discovered that some imported computer products lack sound security . under the pretext of " remote maintenance , " security loops are intentionally left behind in these computers for the access of behind - the - scene companies or organizations .
therefore , china 's relevant departments have stipulated that in order to protect national interest and economic security , china 's companies are forbidden to buy products with encryption software designed by foreign countries and no domestic organization or individual shall sell foreign commercial encryption products .
china 's computer security specialists held that only energetically developing the national computer industry , not being technologically controlled by others , and developing domestic computers and software as quickly as possible are effective long - term ways to prevent attacks by foreign hackers and to ensure national security .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - speaking here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao severely criticized the us side for adopting a double standard on the issue of cults . he also severely criticized remarks by us immigration and naturalization service officials to the effect that " the united states might grant asylum to ' falungong ' members from china . "
he demanded that the us side respect china 's principled stand on this issue and stop interfering in china 's internal affairs .
it is reported that us immigration and naturalization service officials currently visiting hong kong said that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china .
zhu bangzao once again pointed out seriously : the " falungong " organization is a cult that endangers chinese society and people .
the chinese government 's crackdown on the organization in accordance with the law is aimed at protecting the basic human rights and freedoms of its citizens ; it is also an effective measure to safeguard social stability and to prevent the organization from doing more harm to the public .
he said that the chinese government 's handling of the " falungong " issue had won the firm endorsement and support of people across the country , as well as the understanding of the international community .
the spokesman said : the us immigration and naturalization service officials disregarded these basic facts and brazenly stated that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china . this is a typical example of the double standard adopted by the us side on the issue of cults . china expresses firm opposition to this .
he solemnly stated : china demands that the us side understand and respect the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving and handling the " falungong " issue , and refrain from doing anything that interferes in china 's internal affairs and from creating new difficulties for sino - us relations .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the chinese side expresses concern over the resignation of two iraq - based senior officials of international organizations and hopes that the united nations will name suitable personnel to replace them as soon as possible .
recently , the un humanitarian coordinator in iraq tendered his resignation to secretary general kofi annan in protest against the decade - long un sanctions against iraq ; the world food program representative in iraq also announced his resignation for the same reason .
at a foreign ministry news briefing here , zhu bangzao commended their laudable and active efforts in improving the humanitarian situation in iraq during their terms in office .
he said china hopes that the secretary general will name suitable personnel to replace them as soon as possible .
the spokesman said : the chinese side has always maintained that the un " oil - for - food " program should be earnestly and comprehensively implemented , so as to ease the humanitarian difficulties facing the iraqi people .
he pointed out with deep regret that the program had not been effectively and smoothly implemented due to the obstruction of some member states .
zhu bangzao said : china urges relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude and create conditions for the improvement of the humanitarian situation in iraq .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - speaking here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao urged the taiwan authorities to hold negotiations with the mainland to end the state of hostility at an early date .
he said that cross - strait dialogue and negotiations on any issue held under the premise of " one country , two systems " would take into full consideration the interests of the people of taiwan and all social sectors .
zhu bangzao once again enunciated the chinese government 's basic principles and positions on the taiwan issue : taiwan is part of chinese territory ; this status cannot be changed .
china 's basic principles on upholding peaceful reunification and " one country , two systems " in resolving the taiwan question have not changed .
the eight - point proposition put forward by jiang zemin $date on developing cross - strait relations and advancing the process of reunifying the motherland through peaceful means has not changed .
he said : at a recent ceremony held by people from all circles in beijing to ceremoniously mark $number anniversary of president jiang 's important speech , vice premier qian qichen once again clearly reiterated these principles and expounded them anew .
zhu bangzao pointed out emphatically : china has always maintained that the state of hostility across the taiwan strait should be formally brought to an end through negotiations and under the " one china " principle .
it would be a wise move for taiwan to enter into negotiations with the mainland on this issue at an early date .
the chinese mainland has repeatedly urged the two sides of the taiwan strait to hold dialogue and negotiations on any issue on the basis of the " one china " principle when conditions are ripe .
he said that the interests of the people of taiwan and all social sectors would be taken into full consideration .
the spokesman said : as long as the taiwan authorities are sincere about holding negotiations with the mainland on the basis of the " one china " principle , a way that is acceptable to both sides can always be found to eventually realize the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
he solemnly reiterated : in the interest of the motherland 's complete reunification , the chinese government will never sit idly by and do nothing as serious separatist activities are under way to divide our sovereignty and territorial integrity , to promote so - called " taiwan independence , " and to harm the fundamental interests of chinese people on both sides of the taiwan strait .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the implementation of the " sino - us agreement on cooperation in agriculture " will play a role of promoting the market access of us agricultural products .
having fully grasped the situation , zhu bangzao answered , at today 's news briefing held by the foreign ministry , relevant questions put forward by reporters prior to this .
he said the " sino - us agreement on cooperation in agriculture " is mainly to solve the quarantine issue .
at present , china has started implementing the " agreement . "
in $date last year , china 's animal and plant quarantine departments already sent a pre - inspection group to california , florida , and other parts of the united states to pre - inspect oranges in the united states .
the spokesman said that in late $date this year , the china national cereals , oils and foodstuffs import and export corporation , a corporation specialized in grain import , will organize a group to carry out study and commercial negotiations in the wheat - producing regions in the western part of the united states .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao solemnly and justly pointed out here today that if the us congress adopts the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill , it will only feed lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] splittist arrogance , do harm to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region , and seriously undermine [ yan zhong po huai $number $number $number $number ] sino - us relations .
he reiterated that the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill is an attempt to establish and expand [ jin xing he kuo da $number $number $number $number $number ] military ties between the united states and taiwan and to provide a so - called legal basis for the united states to sell various kinds of advanced weapons , equipment , and technology to taiwan .
it has totally violated the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant commitments made by the united states . it is aimed at seriously violating the sovereignty and wantonly interfering in the internal affairs of china and is an attempt to create " one china , one taiwan , " and " two chinas . " inevitably , it has met with the strong indignation and resolute opposition of the chinese people .
he pointed out that if the us congress adopts the bill , it will only feed lee teng - hui 's arrogance in practicing the " two - state theory , " intensify the tense situation in the taiwan strait , do harm to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region , and inevitably produce a serious destructive impact [ yan zhong po huai xing ying xiang $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] on sino - us relations .
the spokesman solemnly and justly demanded the us government attach great importance to china 's solemn and just stand and demands , fully understand the serious harm of the bill , scrupulously abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant commitments , and prevent the bill from becoming law in accordance with the commitments made by the us government and president clinton himself .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - state council premier zhu rongji met with visiting world trade organization (wto) director general mike moore at zhongnanhai this afternoon . they had a deep exchange of views on china 's entry into wto .
since china and the united states reached a " win - win " agreement last year , china has held bilateral talks with many other wto members and reached agreement with them .
at present , china is actively holding talks with a small number of remaining members , including the european union (eu) , and the talks are being accelerated .
zhu rongji said that a new round of talks between china and eu will soon be held , and he hoped that during the talks , the two sides can reach consensus and agreement .
moore said china 's entry into the wto will be a historic event .
the day china enters the wto will be a great day to china and the world as a whole .
at present , the wto cannot yet be called a world trade organization .
only after china joins will it be able to really become a world trade organization .
he said that he and his colleagues will try their best to assist china to join the wto as soon as possible , and this will be of great significance to the wto .
moore arrived here at noon today to begin his $number - day visit at the invitation of foreign trade and economic cooperation minister shi guangsheng .
he will also hold talks with shi guangsheng .
during the meeting , shi guangsheng and vice foreign minister yang wenchang were present .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - a $number meeting of the state council on clean and honest administration was held in beijing today .
premier zhu rongji stressed at the meeting : governments at all levels should urnestly take the building of a clean and honest administration and the anti - corruption struggle as one of their important tasks and conscientiously act according to the unified arrangements and requirements of the central authorities ; with a strong sense of political responsibility , they should conscientiously adhere to the principle of " grasping two links at the same time and giving equal importance to both of them , " perform their official duties according to law , run the government strictly , and take both stopgap and radical measures to solve problems in a comprehensive way in order to actually strengthen the work in these regards .
this meeting was held mainly to carry out the spirits of both $number plenary session of the central discipline inspection commission and the important speech by comrade jiang zemin , to sum up the $number work of government organs in building a clean and honest administration and waging the anti - corruption struggle , and to make concrete arrangements for government departments ' work in these respects .
wei jianxing , li lanqing , qian qichen , wu bangguo , wen jiabao , luo gan , wu yi , ismail amat , and wang zhongyu attended the meeting .
zhu rongji emphatically pointed out that our government is a people 's government , and a clean and honest administration is a minimum requirement for such a government .
he then said that in the past year , governments at various levels have given top priority to the building of a clean and honest administration and the struggle against corruption .
by participating in the " three stresses " education , leading cadres have strengthened their party spirit and enhanced their consciousness of being honest and self - disciplined . a number of large , serious cases have been exposed , investigated , and dealt with . vigorous efforts have been made to rectify unhealthy tendencies in various trades and departments . consequently , solved some problems about which the masses were concerned with and objected to .
meanwhile , it should also be noted that there is still a quite large gap between government organs ' work in combatingt corruption and building a clean and honest administration and that of the demands of the central authorities and the public 's expectations . there are still some conspicuous problems in this regard .
leading cadres in some localities and departments have yet to effectively enforce various regulations concerning the honest performance of official duties , therefore , the phenomena of luxury and waste are relatively serious . there are still problems with some administrative law - enforcement agencies and their personnel due to thier reluctance to fully observe or enforce laws .
we should keep a clear head , and face the existing problems squarely , we need to fortify our confidence and persevere in carrying out our tasks . we should try to achieve results by stages and push our work forward step by step .
zhu rongji stressed : the central authorities ' fundamental policies for reform and development this year have been clearly set , and concrete arrangements have also been made for the government 's work and tasks .
this is a year at the turn of the century , and it is of great significance for us to carry out our various tasks in reform and development .
the new situation and tasks have put new demands on us in the building of a clean and honest administration and combating corruption .
it is imperative to perform our official duties according to the law , and to build a clean , honest , industrious , pragmatically inclined , and highly efficient government . we need to continue implementing the " three - point law " and the " five requirements , " and to further deepen the building of a clean and honest administration and the struggle against corruption .
zhu rongji pointed out : in their work of building a clean and honest administration and combating corruption this year , government organs should lay stress on the key points and particularly do well in the following several aspects : $number , it is necessary to follow the " rule for clean and honest government " in an all - round way , to further step up the work of making leading cadres honest and self - disciplined , and to strengthen supervision and inspection .
clean and honest government depends , above all , on self - discipline .
in the spring tide of the market economy , it is all the more necessary for cadres at all levels to be self - restrained , self - disciplined , and self - cautioned and to be able to stand up to the test of various temptations .
they should not only strengthen their self - cultivation and be strictly self - disciplined but also do a good job in controling their family members and relatives as well as those working at their sides .
the central authorities ' " rule for clean and honest government " and other relevant regulations are the code of conduct for government personnel , and they must be implemented to the letter .
$number , we should make vigorous efforts to investigate and deal with various cases in the violation of the law and discipline , and concentrate on making breakthroughs in investigating a number of major or serious cases .
all major cases must be thoroughly investigated no matter which departments or persons are involved .
those involved must be unmasked and severely dealt with one by one , and we must not practice favoritism or be soft on them .
$number , we should continue to make vigorous efforts to rectify unhealthy tendencies in trades and departments and conscientiously solve outstanding problems about which the masses are concerned with and are strongly object to .
we should continue to screen and put an end to the malpractices of wantonly collecting fees from , indiscriminately imposing fines on , and arbitrarily apportioning expenses among peasants and enterprises .
we should resolutely stop various activities to compare with one another in reaching certain standards .
we should vigorously rectify unhealthy tendencies in the buying and selling of medicines , ensure that the medicines taken by the masses are safe and efficacious , and reduce the irrational burdens on the state and the masses .
we should continue to solve the problem of arbitrarily collecting fees by primary and middle schools and other educational institutions in order to lighten the burden on the masses .
$number , it is necessary to be diligent , practice strict economy , and combat waste .
we should conscientiously enforce the central authorities ' " regulations on practicing strict economy and stopping luxury and waste by party and government organs . "
we should resolutely check the unhealthy tendencies of making superstandard renovation of office buildings and building high - class auditoriums and guesthouses by some government organs or units in violation of regulations ; we should resolutely stop celebrating various " festivals " in all kinds of names , cutting ribbons at opening ceremonies , entertaining guests and distributing gifts , and indulging in gluttony and pleasure - seeking .
this year , we should step up our efforts to investigate and deal with cases in this regard ; we should seize on typical cases , deal with them severely , and make them known to the public .
we should make efforts to cut the number of meetings and documents to the minimum .
in making arrangements for work , we should use modern telecommunications and media as much as possible . meetings should not be held without preparations , agendas , and the possibility of solving practical problems . meetings that must be held are to be held in a shortest possible time and cut the number of participants ; in principle , leading comrades of the state council do not take part in meetings held by various departments .
$number , it is necessary to carry out reform in depth , to strengthen the supervisory and restraining mechanisms , and to prevent corruption at its source .
we should continue the reform of government institutions and further change government functions .
we should establish an administrative system and working mechanism marked by high efficiency , coordinated operations , and standard behavior .
governments and their personnel at various levels must perform their duties within the limits of authorities permitted by the law and in strict accordance with legal procedures , and those who neglect their duties or abuse their power must be investigated .
we should continue to promote the separation of government administration from enterprise management . we should further deepen the reform of the administrative system , exercise separate management of fiscal revenue and expenditure in an all - round way , and implement the government procurement system , the accountant appointment system , and the system for the auditing of leading cadres ' economic responsibility during the term of office .
zhu rongji stressed : departments and governments at all levels should actually take on their responsibilities and strengthen their leadership over the efforts to build a clean and honest administration and combat corruption .
they should conscientiously enforce the " regulations on the system of responsibility for improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government " formulated by the party central committee and the state council and strictly implement the system of investigating those who are responsible for failure in building a clean and honest administration .
zhu rongji pointed out : departments under the party central committee and the state council should set higher standards and stricter demands in building a clean and honest administration and combating corruption in order to set an example for government organs at various levels .
we should further consolidate and deepen the results of the " three stresses " education , conscientiously carry out rectification and reform measures , and continue to step up the efforts to build a clean and honest administration .
zhu rongji called on governments and developments at all levels to actively support the work of the supervision and auditing departments by creating better working conditions for them .
the supervision and auditing departments should adhere to principles , have the courage to crack the hard cases , are not afraid of offending people , and continue to improve their work .
in conclusion , zhu rongji said : in the new year , under the leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , we should more fruitfully build a clean and honest administration and combat corruption while effectively performing our economic work ; we should do all we can to make the country prosperous . we should exert ourselves to forge ahead , to accomplish all the tasks of reform and development for this year , and stride triumphantly toward the new century .
leaders of various ministries , commissions , organs directly under the state council , and working bodies and institutions under the state council , as well as state bureaus under ministries or commissions and other relevant units , attended the meeting .
responsible officials of the ministry of supervision , the ministry of finance , the ministry of construction , the state pharmaceutical supervision and administration , the general administration of customs , and the state economic and trade commission separately spoke at the meeting .
responsible officials of the central discipline inspection commission , the supreme people 's court , and the supreme people 's procuratorate , as well as of the central committees of various democratic parties and the all - china association of industry and commerce , attended the meeting on invitation .
beijing , $date ( xinhua news agency ) - - " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological and political work , " a book compiled by the propaganda department of the cpc central committee , has now been officially published for distribution .
the publication of this book is of important significance to : implementing the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's important instructions on strengthening and improving the party 's propaganda and ideological work under the new circumstances ; implementing the cpc central committee 's " a number of opinions on strengthening and improving ideological and political work ; " enabling ideological and political work to better serve the overall interests in respect of reform , development , and stability ; and effectively advancing the reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
setting great store by ideological and political work and giving full play to the important role of ideological and political work in revolution and construction has been our party 's fine tradition and political advantage .
through age - long revolution and construction , our party has accumulated rich experience in ideological and political work .
" mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological and political work " is a concentrated embodiment of the basic theories and basic experiences of our party 's ideological and political work .
the theories of mao zedong and deng xiaoping on ideological and political work are important components of mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
comrade jiang zemin 's expositions on ideological and political work represent a continuation , enrichment , and development of the theories on ideological and political work created by the party 's $number and $number - generation leadership nuclei .
they are crystallizations of the wisdom of the entire party , are valuable ideological assets , and are powerful theoretical weapons and important guidelines with which we can strengthen and improve ideological work at present .
leading cadres at various levels should take the lead in studying well and giving effective publicity to the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on strengthening and improving ideological and political work and conscientiously conduct ideological and political work as an important matter for the whole party with a sense of urgency and in an effective way .
this is our honorable mission and sacred duty .
the key to studying and publicizing the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work is to further enhance the understanding of the importance of ideological and political work .
the party 's leadership nuclei across three generations gave very brilliant expositions on the status and function of ideological and political work .
they conclude , in a nutshell , that maintaining ideological education is a central link in the process of uniting the whole party in a great struggle ; ideological and political work is a lifeline for economic work and all other work .
judging by the practice in reform , opening up , and socialist modernization in china , the deeper the reform goes , the broader the opening up becomes , and the more developed the socialist market economy is , the more important it is to set great store by the work in this respect .
this is a truth that has been validated time and time again by the party 's history of struggle , especially the practice of reform and opening up .
our comrades across the whole party must be soberly aware that in the context of opening up and developing the market economy , the struggle in the ideological and political domain will not only continue to exist for a long time to come , but is also very complicated and sometimes may even become intense .
if we failed to keep a firm grip on this important piece of work that concerns the future and destiny of the party and the country in a conscientious way , we would commit unforgivable historical mistakes .
we must firmly redress the erroneous tendency to neglect ideological and political work and to " pay more attention to material progress than to cultural and ideological progress " in some places and departments ; develop a stronger sense of responsibility and urgency ; and conscientiously pay attention to and step up the effort to solve a series of major issues facing the effort to strengthen and improve ideological and political work , from the perspective of consolidating the party 's status as a ruling party and accomplishing the party 's historical mission .
studying and publicizing the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work requires us to study new circumstances , solve new problems , and actively explore the laws and methods regarding ideological and political work under the new circumstances .
the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work pointed out the fundamental orientation of ideological and political work at five levels , namely , its status and function , guidelines and principles , main contents , laws and methods , and strengthening the party 's leadership over ideological and political work .
meanwhile , we should conduct in - depth study of the environment , tasks , contents , channels , and objects of ideological and political work in the context of the reform , opening up , and socialist market economy , so that ideological and political work can keep up with the times , become enriched while inheriting the tradition , and seek development while adhering to the original principles .
we should proceed from the age we are in and the tasks we are facing , liberate our minds , seek truth from facts , go down to the grassroots levels , be one with the masses , discover new circumstances , study new issues , open up new approaches , explore new methods , and create new experiences , so that our ideological and political work can adapt to the profound changes in social life and always maintain its vitality and dynamism .
this is an important idea that all three generations of leadership nuclei of the party have had regarding ideological and political work and also an important and urgent project facing our comrades across the whole party . we must make strenuous efforts to solve well this issue .
studying and publicizing the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work should be combined with implementing the cpc central committee 's " a number of opinions on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " striving toward comprehensively accomplishing all the tasks of reform and construction this year .
this year is a year of transition into the new century and also the year in which to complete $number five - year plan , accomplish the effort to lift large and medium - sized state enterprises out of difficulty , accomplish the " eight - seven " [ helping $number people end poverty within seven years ] task for tackling key challenges in the support - the - poor campaign , and fulfilling the important end - of - century objectives . it is a year for achieving " moderate prosperity " .
the tasks are very arduous . to unify thinking , bring people 's hearts and minds together , boost the morale , and arouse the enthusiasm and creativity of the people depends on our work , especially ideological and political work .
conscientious efforts should be made to strengthen the party 's leadership over ideological and political work , work closely around economic construction as the central task , and implement the guidelines , principles , objectives , and requirements of ideological and political work at the grassroots levels and the mass level .
we can see that inspired by the spirit of the important instructions made by comrade jiang zemin on propaganda and ideological work , our ideological and political work is showing a positive momentum of development .
the publication of the book , " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological and political work , " is set to inject great vitality into the effort to strengthen and improve ideological and political work .
we are deeply convinced that as long as the whole party goes into action , leaders attach importance to it , the wisdom and efforts of everyone are pooled , and the principle of plain living and hard work is upheld , we will certainly be able to open up a new prospect in ideological and political work and make a good job of this important matter for the whole party .
newly elected croatian president mesic said in zagreb on $date that new croatian leaders will continue to pursue the one china policy and develop friendly cooperative ties with china .
mesic made those comments when meeting zhu lilan , special envoy of the chinese government and minister of science and technology , and her entourage .
the same day new speaker of parliament zlatko tomcic also met the delegation of the chinese government .
tomcic noted that despite changes in its leadership after the parliamentary and presidential elections , croatia will continue to recognize that taiwan is an inalienable part of china .
on behalf of state president jiang zemin , national people 's congress chairman li peng , and premier zhu rongji , envoy zhu lilan extended her regards to croatian leaders .
that day she also held talks with hrvoje kraljevic , croatian minister of science and technology . the chinese government delegation led by zhu lilan arrived in zagreb on the afternoon of $date and will attend president mesic 's inauguration on $date .
croatia 's parliamentary and presidential elections were held in $date and $date this year , respectively .
beijing , $date ( ta kung pao ) - - at a news conference held here today , chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzhao stated that as long as the taiwan authorities are sincere about holding official talks with the mainland side on the basis of the one - china principle , they can definitely find a way acceptable to both sides and eventually realize peaceful reunification .
zhu bangzhao stressed that taiwan is part of china 's territory and that this cannot be changed .
our basic principle on persisting in peaceful reunification and " one country , two systems " for solving the taiwan issue has remained unchanged .
it is generally believed that economic issues will be put at the top of the agenda for $number plenary session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] next month .
sheng huaren , incumbent minister of the state economic and trade commission [ setc ] , also known as " a small state council , " may step down , and his most likely successor will be setc vice minister li rongrong , who has just been transferred from the state development planning commission [ sdpc ] .
there are concerns over whether state councilors will be changed and whether there will be any replacement for the late npc vice chairman , xie fei , and cheng kejie , who is under investigation for bribery .
the new setc is also known as " a small state council " since its functions cover that of the former state council production office and other ministerial bodies for internal trade and metallurgical , chemical , coal , petrochemical , and textile industries .
when zhu rongji unveiled his cabinet , sheng huaren , then president of the china petrochemical corporation , was unexpectedly named setc minister .
sheng huaren advanced in years ; his achievements mediocre a source familiar with sheng huaren said that a diligent and conscientious official , sheng has a reputation of being an " old ox " of the setc .
sheng huaren , $number , has reached retirement age at the ministerial level , and his achievements for the past two years have been mediocre . it is said that the top chinese leadership is not happy with sheng 's work performance and has decided to remove him from office at this year 's npc session .
sources revealed that sdpc vice minister li rongrong will replace sheng huaren after his recent transfer to the position of setc vice minister .
li rongrong , who is in his early fifties , was the setc vice minister and secretary general before the reshuffle .
his transfer may well be termed " the resumption of his old profession .
" concerns over vacant positions of npc vice chairmen two vice chairmen positions are vacant after npc vice chairman xie fei died of illness and another vice chairman , cheng kejie , was placed under investigation for bribery .
there are concerns over whether the forthcoming npc session will announce and explain cheng kejie 's case .
sources recently said that the political bureau would be augmented next month by zeng qinghong , alternate member of the cpc central political bureau and head of the central propaganda department , who may also succeed xie fei as npc vice chairman .
in addition , sources did not rule out the possibility that state councilors and even vice premiers would be augmented , but that the personnel changes had not been confirmed .
some time ago , rumor had it that guangdong party secretary li changchun would be transferred to the central government as vice premier . earlier , there were similar rumors about shanghai party secretary huang ju .
li and huang have long been regarded as members of $number - generation cpc leadership . their transfer to beijing is just a matter of time , but whether the pair will be transferred at this year 's npc session remains to be seen .
when cable and wireless officially notified hong kong telecom on $date that it was negotiating with singapore telecom on merging the latter two , the market was not at all surprised at the merger .
yesterday , a $number party suddenly appeared in the negotiations and it is said that there is a story behind the merge .
following a circular issued by hong kong telecom last month , confirming that its mother company was considering the proposal of a merger between singapore telecom and hong kong telecom , some hong kong consortia had reservations and sent officials to beijing to express their views to the departments concerned .
reportedly , beijing did not give them an immediate response .
in view of the sharp competition between hong kong and singapore in the asia market , the officials were worried that if singapore successfully takes over hong kong telecom , which bases its business in hong kong , and holds a larger proportion of shares of the new company , it will have an impact on hong kong 's telecommunications business and even hong kong 's strategic position in developing information technology in the region .
if uk cable and wireless is willing to sell hong kong telecom , there are several consortia in hong kong that are capable of taking over hong kong telecom . hence , they indirectly voiced their opposition to the merger between singapore telecom and hong kong telecom .
as a matter of fact , a number of market analysts believe that in terms of the business of hong kong telecom and singapore telecom , the effects of the merge will not be too great . instead , hong kong eventually will become the loser in this large - scale acquisition . for this reason , the acquisition proposal did not become a motive force , pushing market prices up . instead of continuously rising , prices of hong kong telecom lagged behind other stocks earlier this week .
reportedly , against the aforementioned background , news spread yesterday that cheung kong holdings , hutchison whampoa , and pacific cent cyber planned to buy hong kong telecom .
tunisia , $date ( xinhua ) - - when meeting with visiting chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan here today , tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali said that china is a great country , the chinese people are great people , and tunisia is willing to further develop the friendly and cooperative relations with china .
at the meeting , tang jiaxuan conveyed president jiang zemin 's regards to ben ali and reiterated that china pays attention to developing the friendly and cooperative relations with tunisia and is willing to work together with tunisia to carry the sino - tunisian friendly and cooperative relations , which are full of vitality and of long - term stability , to a new stage .
president ben ali asked tang jiaxuan to communicate his cordial regards to president jiang zemin .
ben ali indicated that the relationship between tunisia and china is very good . he expressed gratitude to the chinese government for its assistance to tunisia 's economic construction .
tunisia highly appreciated the domestic and foreign policies that the chinese leaders have pursued and deeply admired china 's achievements in economic and social development .
tang jiaxuan said that china appreciates the principle of peace , harmony , and negotiation that tunisia has pursued to develop foreign relations . china is glad to see tunisia 's achievements made over the past few years in safeguarding social stability and promoting economic development . china hopes to develop the future - oriented , sincere , friendly , united , and cooperative relations with tunisia .
since tunisia is an incumbent nonpermanent member of the un security council , china is willing to strengthen consultations with tunisia and to work together with tunisia to safeguard the rights and benefits of developing countries .
tang jiaxuan said that the chinese government attaches high importance to and safeguards the human rights of the chinese people . over the past $number years or so since the introduction of the reform and opening - up policy , according to the national situation of china , china has comprehensively moved forward the level of the human rights that the chinese people are enjoying .
ben ali said that china has a population of $number . china has done a good job in resolving food , housing , transportation , and educational problems for the people , thus embodying its endeavors to respect the human rights .
tunisia opposes the enforcement of dual standards on the issue of human rights .
at the invitation of tunisian foreign minister yahia , tang jiaxuan arrived in tunisia on the evening of $date to begin his three - day visit to tunisia .
on $date , he held talks with yahia on further developing the bilateral ties and the issues of common concern .
tang jiaxuan expressed gratitude to tunisia for its understanding and support of china 's great cause of national reunification and the human rights issue .
tang jiaxuan stressed that the chinese government pays attention to promoting and safeguarding the human rights and basic freedom .
at present , china is in the best historical era in terms of the human rights situation .
on the basis of equality and mutual respect , china is willing to promote exchange and cooperation in the human rights area with all countries . however , we oppose the practices of criticizing other countries ' human rights issue so often at the un human rights conferences , politicizing the human rights issue , and using the human rights issue to interfere in other countries ' internal affairs .
facts prove that dialogues are better than confrontation .
as for the developing countries , the rights to survival and development are the highest human rights .
according to its own special features , tunisia has selected development ways which are suitable to its national situation and has made noticeable achievements in safeguarding social stability , promoting the development of the economy , and improving the living conditions of the people ; thus tunisia has done its best to safeguard human rights .
yahia indicated that tunisia shares identical and similar views with china on the issue of human rights . tunisia maintains that the human rights issue is related to many aspects , such as politics , the economy , and culture , primarily the rights to survival and development .
tunisia has consistently opposed the practice of seeing the human rights issue as a means for bringing pressure to bear on other countries . we support china 's stand and proposition on the human rights issue at the un human rights conference and on all kinds of international occasions .
the foreign ministers of the two countries deeply exchanged views and extensively reached a consensus on issues of establishing a new international political and economic order ; strengthening south - south cooperation and south - north dialogues ; holding , under china 's proposal , " the chinese - african cooperation forum - - a ministerial - level meeting to be held in beijing $date - - " ; actively promoting the peace progress in the middle east ; and resolving the iraq issue in a just and reasonable way . they indicated that the two countries will strengthen coordination and cooperation in the united nations and on all international occasions .
after the meeting , the foreign ministers of the two countries attended the ceremony to sign the agreement on the sino - tunisian economic and technological cooperation .
lu guozeng , chinese ambassador to tunisia ; and kaili [ name as transliterated ] . director of the asia department under the tunisian ministry of foreign affairs , signed the agreement on behalf of their governments , respectively .
on $date , tang jiaxuan also met with merdassi , tunisian secretary of state for international cooperation and foreign investments . tang jiaxuan is going to visit mebazaa , speaker of the national assembly , on the morning of $date . then , he will leave tunisia for kuwaitt at noon to continue his visit .
on the firing practice field , a group of soldiers in camouflage uniform quietly lied prostrate in the cold wind . the three greenish black " hongjian " antitank missiles settled on the missile - support strut stood straight up , alert and ready , and the warheads glared like a tiger at the white target $number meters away .
like arrows darting away from bowstrings , the missile launching operators , in full battle array , swiftly drew themselves into their combat positions upon the issuance of an order from the commander , " the antitank missile detachment launches an attack ! "
" missile erection is ready !
leveling of aiming sight is ready ! "
" goal testing is ready .. "
" fire ! "
one could only see that a missile launcher pressed a red button lightly with his index finger , and immediately , with the sound of a whistle , a " hongjian [ red arrow ] " rose high into the air dragging a fresh red licking flame .
what to meet one 's eye was a missile penetrating the " heart " of the goal after the missile drew a beautiful curve in the sky .
closely followed were two missiles launched , which , to one 's surprise , ran successively through a same bullet hole .
on the field , the astonished crowd burst into thunderous applause at once .
at the beginning of the new millennium , it was the antitank missile company of the drill regiment at the langfang army missile academy under the general staff headquarters that made the miracle . this antitank missile company is $number one established by our army , and is the only missile detachment that had participated in a real combat in which it damaged the tanks of the enemy by using chinese - made missiles .
at present , the miracle making detachment has scored a $number percent shooting average for five consecutive years in live missile launching practices , and achieved the same shooting average for $number consecutive years in artillery launching . during the $number years since its establishment , the detachment has successively made it to the top in $number undertakings in the history of the development of antitank missile unit of the republic .
in the face of high technology , the traditional tops in training are no longer valuable as the only detachment of the whole army to be equipped with antitank missiles , shotguns , howitzers , and many other advanced antitank weapons , the detachment , since the day of its establishment , has made sure that the thinking of " strengthening the military with scientific knowledge " is deeply rooted in the brain of every officer and man .
especially in recent years , with continued enhancement of using technology in the weaponry and constant introduction of high new technology , the traditional " men of unusual strength " and " fleet - footed runners " are no longer the tops in training of the missile company . to replace them are the " software fans " capable of planning and managing commands from the commanding center by softly clicking the mouse in front of the computer screen and the " computer experts " skilled in using software to launch missiles .
li bin , a missile launcher , is quite a typical example .
upon joining the missile company , li bin , with an education level of junior middle school only , felt completely at a loss when he faced all kinds of complicated pictures about structure of missiles , theories of constructing missiles , original elements of electrical equipment , and the dazzling red , blue , and green buttons of missile launching .
not discouraged , li bin made use of the supplementary education courses sponsored by the detachment , and learned from the instructors with a receptive mind . he studied intensively the professional knowledge , and made laborious efforts to finish within a short period of three years the teaching material of $number courses , including " fundamentals of electrical equipment , " the " study of missile launching , " and others .
he systematically " filled " his brain with the knowledge of the missiles ' function , the theory of aviation control , and others , and became a " missile expert " in reality as well as in name .
until now , he has launched $number antitank missiles , with a marvelous shooting average of $number percent , enough to be compared favorably with the students majoring in antitank missile command .
in the missile company , there are plenty of expert soldiers like li bin who enjoy such good names as " miracle - working doctor of missiles , " " a wonder shooter of missiles , " " artillery expert , " and others .
on saturday evenings , the detachment is vehement with activities of " military salons . " each of the officers and men of the whole company , regardless of their ranks and posts or levels , can express his own opinions , and discuss , exchange , expound and prove , or even debate with each other .
with intensive studies and painstaking training , the missile company of nowadays can fight by erecting the missile - support struts , and leave by packing up the missile - support struts no matter on what types of terrain or in what kinds of environment , in addition to assuring a $number percent shooting average .
with a sense of humor , the soldiers said : it is our unique technique to conduct " guerrilla warfare " by using modern weaponry .
as stipulated , a soldier needs to master only two of these weapons .
this is how they became the very best in $number aspects the missile company has become the very best in the whole army in up to $number aspects , including being $number detachment to compile a training outline for antitank missile weapon system and the teaching material for assessment criteria in addition to promoting the outline and teaching material throughout the whole army ; being $number detachment capable of launching missiles in nuclear and chemical warfare ; being $number detachment to develop simulation training machines on real situations of missile launching ; being $number detachment capable of transfer of fire shooting , and others .
how could such a small detachment achieve so many tops ?
missiles belong to high - tech weapons , and the accuracy of hitting the targets for missiles is extremely closely linked with control , aiming , remote control , and position control of missiles . this allows for no carelessness on the part of launchers . it requires launchers to be in a calm state of mind or even hold their breaths when launching a missile . however , the " maximum training method " of the missile company raised a historical challenge against the traditional method of launching missiles .
the so - called " maximum training method " is to have launchers engage in strenuous exercise $number so their pulse rates will reach $number per minute . immediately the launchers will be asked to launch a missile . this training is designed to assimilate the psychological state of being in a real combat , so as to train the launchers the ability of stabilizing their emotions in a tense situation .
quite a few people thought it sheer nonsense to train people this way . however , the officers and men in the missile company maintained that in order to win high - tech local warfare in the future , it is necessary to equip themselves with the combat power of fighting under all kinds of perilous conditions .
it is necessary to immediately organize the soldiers for operation , launch missiles promptly , and hit the target upon the issuance of an order from the commander . in order to realize this goal , the officers and men took the initiative to intensify efforts of training themselves . in addition , they learned about the three - dimensional missile simulation machines through practice and training .
with repeated training of $number times , the officers and men finally mastered the unique technique .
a certain type of the antitank missile system is an advanced weapon system developed by our country . the is a technology - intensive system , and its operation is relatively more complicated . in order to enhance the fighting efficiency of the missile system , the missile company gathered all " skilled craftsmen " of the company and asked them to explain every operational procedure of the weaponry system , and tackle the key problems .
they discovered the imperfect design of the locator card of the preventer plate of the missile goniometer box since it was troublesome and time consuming to install and take off the locator card . they made bold modifications . to replace the locator card , they designed and installed a " supporting board and holding clip . " not only did they simplify the operational procedures , and shorten the time needed to set up and uninstall the whole system from the original $time , but they also prolonged the operation life of the preventer plate .
cadet liu majun integrated many years of experiences in launching , and improved the " static registration method " of the missile launching course . he summed up a " dynamic registration method " which more closely resembles the real combat . after $number rounds of simulation training and testing , the method was successfully used in launching live missiles to achieve the good results of shooting with unfailing accuracy and hitting the bull 's - eye with every launching .
the detachment also made use of the technological advantages of colleges , and launched several special firing experiments under the guidance of college experts , including antitank missile cross - water firing , pitch angle firing , and firing in nuclear and chemical warfare . they obtained a huge amount of $number - hand information , and accumulated precious experiences . based on their training results , they compiled the " training outlines , " which were promulgated and implemented by the whole army .
the " crash training method , " " maximum training method , " " psychological disposition training method , " and " anti - interference training method " and other new methods of training launchers originated by the soldiers of the company have been promoted among units .
the ballistic curve has left a mark , and the accuracy of the trajectory has recorded the hardships and brilliance of the missile company .
china is a big developing country whose economy is undergoing the process of changing tracks , and the economic growth in china has a very close relationship with the economic structure and adjustment .
looking back at the track of china 's rapid economic growth over the past $number years , we can easily find out the fact that economic growth always originates from the structural imbalance , and the realization or disappearance of the growth always depends upon the distorted alleviation or aggravation of the structural contradictions .
therefore , the structure - related policies can be regarded as the core policies of economic growth in china .
after entering the year $number , what contradictions have emerged in china 's economic structure ? i should like to take this opportunity to advance my own views on two issues .
one is the current contradictions in china 's economic structure that i summed up in brief , and the other is some policy - related suggestions that i made .
$number , let me present my views on $number issue .
the proportion of service industry is on the low side [ subhead ] the structural contradictions are essentially the deviated or distorted conditions that emerge from between the existing growth pattern and the direction of economic operation and the objective trend of economic growth . as viewed from this angle , there are four structural phenomena to which we should pay serious attention . $number , the proportion of the service industry in the industrial structure is on the low side , and there is even a phenomenon that the proportion of the service industry is on the decline .
recently i looked up some research data and found that $date , the proportions of the secondary industry and industry in the gdp as calculated at constant prices have been rising continuously , while that of the service industry has been declining , which is an extremely abnormal phenomenon .
comparing $number with $number , the proportion of the secondary industry rose from $number percent to $number percent , of which the proportion of industry rose from $number percent to $number percent , increasing by a big margin that was seldom seen before .
if we make a comparison of different countries in the world , we will find that the current proportion of china 's service industry is lower by $number percentage points than that of the low - income countries .
recently , e. c. hua , an economist of the world bank , did a very good research and found that even during the period of deflation , the prices of the tertiary industry were repeatedly rising , which indicated that on the one hand the phenomenon of structural shortage still existed and , on the other hand , there also existed a huge space for growth .
i think there are two reasons : $number , it is owing to the institutional monopoly , including the structure of unitary or limited suppliers , various kinds of access barriers , the pricing policy that repels competition , the blindness in the ownership of the state - owned sectors , and so on .
$number , it is owing to the incorrect discrimination and prejudice against the service industry as well as the deep - rooted ideas that " a country cannot be prosperous without industry " and " the development of the service industry cannot deviate from the development of industry . "
this kind of discrimination and prejudice stems from the self - sustaining economy or feudal ideology rather than the concept of division of labor , which in essence runs counter to marketization .
imbalance in the proportion of urban and rural population [ subhead ] $number prominent contradiction in the economic structure at present is the imbalance in the proportion of urban and rural population and the extremely low ratio of urbanization .
the current ratio of industrialization in china has exceeded $number percent , but that of urbanization is merely $number - odd percent , a difference of $number - odd percentage points . this difference has led to a series of distortions , which have aggravated the contradictions in the rural areas characterized by low income and limited land for a large peasant population on one hand , and brought about a narrower domestic market on the other hand . in other words , the current huge capacity of domestic industrial production only serves the markets of the urban population that accounts for $number percent of the total population . today , the actual effective market space in china should take $number people rather than $number - odd billion people as the base number .
although we have reached a basic consensus on further urban development , still the problem has not been resolved .
the present proposition is to turn the agricultural population into urban population . however , we should not employ the traditional , planned approach of building a number of new cities and transfer the residents there step by step .
the genuine question lies in how we should form a more appealing and energetic urban economic development dynamic mechanism that will sufficiently attract the surplus labor power in the rural areas to move into cities by way of marketization .
at present , there are five categories of cities in china : $number ) international megalopolis ; $number ) cities with relatively appealing economies , such as suzhou , changzhou , and a number of capitals in the coastal and central provinces ; $number ) small cities and towns with comparatively good development , for which there are good examples in jiangsu , zhejiang , guangdong , and shandong ; $number ) and $number ) cities with non - appealing or lifeless economies , such as many old industrial bases and war industrial cities as well as a vast number of small cities and towns that are gradually withering away .
the essence of readjusting the urban and rural population structure lies in forming a new mechanism and striving to create an appealing urban economy based on marketization , rather than simplistically building a number of new cities .
very obviously , as a result of this process , a number of cities will come into being .
irrational enterprise management structure [ subhead ] $number structural contradiction is shown in the social infrastructure , particularly in the supply of public goods , which is seriously lagging behind .
china 's hard infrastructure facilities , including power supply , water supply , gas supply , highways , and docks , still have to be continuously developed , but at present the problem that the soft infrastructure facilities are out of keeping with the economic structural changes is increasingly prominent , which has seriously restricted china 's economic growth . for example , at present residents are full of uncertainty in their anticipation for the future reform , but our speed of establishing social security and the government 's supporting ability are seriously unsuited to the residents ' anticipations .
another example , the civilian - run economy is now gradually playing the guiding role in the economic growth as a whole , but the structure and system still have partiality for the morbid state - owned sectors .
besides , residents are now changing from passive depositors to active investors , but the capital market lacks a series of coordinated rules and regulations .
what is more , china 's economy is confronted with the impacts from the global integration and network society , but at present all kinds of rules are seriously unsuitable to this situation .
in short , the shortage of public goods supply and the government 's functions being out of place are perhaps the core problems of the numerous structural contradictions .
$number structural contradiction is manifested in the fact that the company and enterprise management structural reform are not in place .
there is a very definite relationship between the company 's management structure and growth , because the investors ' confidence will not be strengthened unless there is a sound company management structure .
when the returns of investment are guaranteed , foreign investment will continue to increase , and the domestic savings will change into investment more quickly . then we are able to enjoy a relatively healthier economic growth rate but , failing to have a better company management structure , we will see the investment rate declining correspondingly , and perhaps a series of economic risks will emerge .
in addition , there is a marked interdynamic relationship between the company management structure and the human capital accumulation . at present , the speed and quality of economic growth in various countries hinge on the accumulation of human capital and entrepreneurs ' ability , so if we have a sound management structure , this problem can be smoothly resolved .
with regard to the current issues in china 's management structure , there are three points that merit special attention : $number , the contractual relationship between the principal and the agent is not sufficiently distinct , so that the agent does not understand what his functions are in the course of concrete operations , which are chiefly manifested in the failure to resolve such fundamental problems as the indistinct functions between the government and the enterprises and between the party and the enterprises .
$number , the basic systems with regard to the shareholders ' interests , board of directors , board of supervisors , ceo , independent external directors , disclosure of information , the role of investors , and so on are still unsound . in short , with the phenomenon that " two parts out of three are missing " existing in the current management structure , even though the targets for preserving and increasing the value of state - owned assets have been set forth , the entire management structure is incomplete for lack of distinct institutional stipulations as to how the benefits of the investors , shareholders , and operators can be achieved to the maximum .
aside from these structural problems , there are still a lot of phenomena of structural irrationality under discussion now , such as the problem in agriculture , the problem of redundant construction and competition in the building industry , the problem of international division of labor , the problem of uncoordinated infrastructure construction capability , and other industrial structural contradictions . there are also some major problems on macroeconomic parametric disproportion between accumulation and consumption , investment and savings , and so on . but , i think the above four problems may be more important and are closer to the heart of the matter .
suggestions on structural adjustment [ subhead ] $number , this is about the way of thinking and the orientation of policies for further formulating the structural adjustment policies . taken as a whole , the aforementioned structural adjustment policies are matters relating to further reform .
hence , the structural adjustment in the next step is , in essence , the institutional adjustment .
since time is limited , i think i will lay stress on the following four problems .
$number , the most direct goal of making structural adjustment is to bring china 's economy back to the normal orbit of growth as quickly as possible .
the current growth pattern is full of risks , the situation of the government being the leading factor in the economy cannot last long , and growth is still the highest goal at the present track - changing stage . if we lose the opportunity and take a sudden turn into the next aging population society , growth will probably be a still more difficult problem .
that is why structural adjustment should be closely combined with the goal of growth .
$number , when we consider how to set the structural adjustment policies , we should conform to the general trends , including the globalization trend , china 's economic internationalization trend , marketization trend , and urbanization trend .
we should no longer solidify the previous examination and approval system and the industrial policies of mercantilism , and the government should change its keynote of public policies to more open - minded industrial policies , which include steady and sound macroeconomic policies , transparent legal system , and better external public conditions and facilities .
$number , a major precondition of this adjustment is the division of labor between the government and the markets in terms of functions and roles , and what the government should do must be clearly defined .
the central and local governments ' powers in office should be reasonably differentiated so that they will not intervene in the normal operations of the market mechanism .
$number , a direct starting point for carrying out the adjustment policies is to continue the reform of the government .
at present , china 's economic growth rate depends , to a considerable extent , on the quality of public policies formulated by the government , so it is of paramount importance to repeatedly enhance the government 's ability in formulating policies . the definition of government 's functions , the formation of a better work incentive mechanism within the government , the adjustment of the government personnel structure ( for instance , whether some entrepreneurs can be selected to hold public office ) , and the establishment of better democratic decisionmaking procedures , are the hearts of the focal points .
it goes without saying that in the course of china 's economic structural adjustment , we will also touch upon a lot of concrete policies , but i think , perhaps , priority should be given to the aforementioned four aspects .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - a steady stream of reports that recently emanated from china 's authoritative organs indicate that the new tax system that china instituted $date faces adjustment as china 's macroeconomic environment changes while it goes through a different stage .
for example , unlike the consumer - oriented value - added taxes levied by most countries , china opted for production - oriented value - added taxes , causing the actual tax burden on investment to be quite heavy .
moreover , china instituted land value - added taxes and regulatory taxes on investment in fixed assets , with a view to reining in overheating in investment through tax regulation .
as a deflationary trend has arisen in china , however , jump - starting investment has become a top priority .
to this end , relevant authorities have decided to stop collecting regulatory taxes on investment in fixed assets this year .
they have also decided to implement the policy of granting $number - percent income tax credits to enterprises on their investments in domestically produced equipment used in technological upgrading projects that are launched in accordance with state industrial policy , and to raise export tax rebate rates . these measures show that china 's tax system is undergoing structural adjustment to meet the requirements of the current economic situation .
moreover , in terms of the direction of reform , relevant authorities are considering converting production - oriented value - added taxes into consumer - oriented value - added taxes .
taxation departments have already taken initial actions in those sectors whose incomes will not suffer greatly as a result of such actions .
relevant personnel said : china 's mid - term goal is to raise the proportion of its tax revenue to its gross domestic product to the average level of developing countries .
as this proportion is still relatively small , china cannot implement a tax - reduction policy . however , it can introduce structural adjustments to its tax policy while ensuring steady growth in tax revenue - - that is , collecting and cutting taxes as necessary .
taxes that have yet to be collected come from two sources : $number is incomes that are not covered by the existing tax system . to address this issue , the tax structure should be adjusted to expand the tax base - - for example , through the reintroduction of income tax on interest accrued on personal savings deposits . $number is incomes lost to tax evasion and fraud .
as china 's accession to the world trade organization draws near , the pressure of accession has become a driving force for further reforming and improving the tax system .
china needs to accommodate the wto rules and the requirements of the commitments its government has made to other countries . it needs to review and revise relevant taxation laws , administrative statutes , and regulatory documents on taxation in accordance with these rules and requirements . where relevant laws and regulations are lacking , it needs to speed up legislation and introduce additional provisions to make its tax system more complete .
commenting on this , authoritative figures stressed : faced with the prospect of joining the wto , china will follow three principles in adjusting its tax policies : $number ) persisting in reform and opening up as the drive to attract foreign investment continues ; $number ) continuing to implement the preferential tax policies that it has promised foreign countries , so as to preserve its reputation ; $number ) " weighing the pros and cons and adapting to the prevailing circumstances , " with full consideration given to the interests of foreign investors in adjusting its policies .
the new trends of development in the international economy are compelling china to adjust its tax system .
the two most compelling trends are the expansion of multinational operations and the growth of electronic commerce .
relevant personnel agreed that china 's current tax system is incompatible with these new trends and that efforts must be stepped up to study measures for coping with these trends .
although china has adopted some measures in accordance with the demands of the international and domestic economic environments for changes to its tax system , it must proceed prudently with overall tax reform .
authoritative figures said : although policy adjustment should be carried out in a timely fashion , a country should still keep its tax system relatively stable . this means that china 's future tax reform will definitely not be as grand and spectacular as $date , but will consist of constant adjustments introduced in an orderly and step - by - step manner .
in recent years , some students have run away from home and committed suicide as a result of the heavy academic burden from primary and secondary schools . from time to time , fatal incidents have occurred in which students were maimed or killed after their parents had put pressure on them and teachers inflicted physical punishment on them .
on $date this year , a student at zhejiang jinhua city no.4 high school beat his mother to death because of his academic results and parental pressure .
although this is an extreme case in a tiny minority , it is sufficient to show : reducing the heavy academic burden on students and fostering their fine psychological quality and legal concepts are a pressing task .
since the prc 's founding , the party and government have all along attached great importance to the healthy growth of primary and secondary school students and have time and again checked the bad practice of increasing the burden on students .
the three generations of the party leadership cores , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin , have issued important instructions on this aspect .
to implement the spirit of central leaders ' instructions on easing students ' heavy burden , the state department of education administration released a number of documents , adopted a series of measures , and repeatedly formulated special plans to reduce the heavy burden on primary and secondary school students .
last $date , the cpc central committee and the state council convened the national education work conference , $number of its kind since the launch of reform and opening up . the conference made the " decision on deepening education reform to fully push forward quality education , " clearly stating : " reducing the academic burden on primary and secondary school students has become an urgent issue which should be resolved conscientiously in order to push ahead with quality education .
the heavy burden on primary and secondary school students is a chronic problem in china 's education and an obstacle to teenagers ' healthy growth .
though measures have been taken for many years , it is still difficult to implement " burden reduction . " the burden on students has been increasing instead of being eased , for which there are many reasons .
from a social viewpoint , china 's overall standard of education is rather low , and its education scale cannot satisfy the increasing demand for education . a large population and relatively backward economic development have led to employment difficulties . because of defects in the labor placement and entrance examination systems , employment competition certainly will lead to academic competition . the factor of academic qualifications plays a pivotal role in china 's employment competition , which in turn intensifies academic competition .
hence , " the heavy burden on students " is not only an education problem but also a social issue .
the " decision " by the cpc central committee and the state council pointed out the need to restructure education , expand the scale of senior high school and higher education , broaden the channel for the growth of talent , and relieve the academic pressure ; establish an education structure that is compatible with the socialist market economic structure and the inherent law of education and that integrates different types of education . this will create an unprecedentedly relaxed macroenvironment and effective condition for the implementation of policies and measures designed to provide opportunities for those leaving schools to pursue advanced studies and for " burden reduction . "
in recent years , various localities have had many successful experiences .
for instance , some localities have taken the management of school textbooks as the focus and incorporated the easing of students ' burden into the overall plan for quality education . many schools have conscientiously changed teachers ' concepts of education and carried out " burden reduction " throughout the process of teaching . some localities have instituted the system for " giving lectures within a time limit . " quite a few of them have launched special checks on school behavior and students ' academic burden in a move to lighten students ' heavy burden .
meanwhile , some schools have taken psychological health education as an important part of quality education to help students allay their worries in the process of their growth and to raise their psychological and moral quality .
these examples of effectively reducing students ' burden and helping them establish a correct outlook on the world and life and values have boosted our confidence in overcoming the chronic problem of " burden reduction . "
reducing students ' academic , economic , and psychological burden is not only a pressing task at present but also a long - term strategic mission .
the education department , the entire party , and the whole society should make joint efforts to strengthen management and adopt feasible measures to strive for practical results .
we should educate cadres , headmasters , teachers , and parents to establish correct outlooks on education , quality , and talent so that the comprehensive implementation of quality education and the enhancement of education quality will become a society - wide consensus .
we should speed up the reform of the course system , structure , and content of primary and secondary schools and set up a new curriculum system compatible with social development .
it is also necessary to further reform the entrance examination system and promptly establish entrance examination and education appraisal systems that meet the requirements of quality education .
we must conscientiously step up training for teachers ; in particular , teachers ' moral education should be strengthened , and their ability and standard in conducting quality education should be raised , while headmasters ' managerial skills should be improved . it is imperative to beef up leadership and supervision and severely deal with unlawful practices that increase students ' burden .
in strict accordance with the requirements of the " decision " by the cpc central committee and the state council , local people 's governments at all levels are allowed neither to issue the target of school enrollment nor to take enrollment quotas as the criterion for assessing school work .
in addition to reducing the heavy burden on students , it is essential to improve and strengthen school education in ethics , as well as to step up education in patriotism , collectivism , and socialism . a mental outlook characterized by honesty , bravery , enterprising spirit , and being unafraid of hardships should be fostered among students . disciplinary and legal education should often be conducted for students to reinforce their legal concept so that they can understand the principle of observing discipline and the law .
some parents are worried that teaching quality will be lowered if students ' academic burden is lightened . hence , they hire tutors and give school assignments to increase their children 's burden after schools adopt " burden reduction " measures .
as a matter of fact , there is no positive connection between " burden reduction " and lowered teaching quality . instead , the purpose of " burden reduction " is to raise education quality .
therefore , parents should acquire a correct outlook on education quality , support school measures for " burden reduction , " and help schools genuinely ease the heavy burden on children .
meanwhile , in accordance with the requirements of quality education , schools should speed up the reform of education content and teaching methods , exercise scientific management , and guide and organize students to participate in varied extracurricular activities and to take part in social practice so as to broaden their vision , increase their social experience , and raise their comprehensive quality .
doing a good job in easing students ' heavy burden has a direct bearing on the comprehensive promotion of quality education , on the healthy growth of the younger generation , and on the position of the chinese nation in international competition $date .
in the spirit of being highly responsible for the future of the nation , we should make concerted efforts to do solid work in order to achieve practical results in reducing students ' heavy burden .
we should also strive to train and bring up morally , intellectually , and physically well - developed socialist builders and successors of " ideals , morality , culture , and discipline " with an enterprising spirit and practical capabilities .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - during his talks this morning with mike moore , director general of the world trade organization [ wto ] who is currently visiting china , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said china hopes it will become a wto member at an early date with the assistance of the wto director general and secretariat .
shi guangsheng briefed moore on the progress in negotiations on china 's accession to the wto .
he said : following the conclusion of the sino - us bilateral agreement , the process of negotiations between china and other wto members has accelerated noticeably .
china recently signed yet another set of bilateral agreements with several wto members , and is intensifying negotiations with a few other wto members , including the european union , that have sought negotiations with it .
shi guangsheng said : after joining the wto , china , as a large country that acts responsibly , will fulfill its obligations , observe wto rules , and implement bilateral and multilateral agreements while enjoying relevant rights as a wto member .
he said : accession to the wto will bring both opportunities and challenges to china .
china is currently making relevant preparations in two respects : on the one hand , it is spreading knowledge about the wto and its rules , so that the chinese people will understand the organization and know how to cope with the opportunities and challenges arising from china 's accession to the wto . on the other hand , it is reviewing its existing laws , regulations , and policies , with a view to revising those that are found to be in clear conflict with wto rules to guarantee the implementation of these rules in the form of laws and regulations .
moore said that the main purpose of his current visit to beijing is to express support for china 's accession to the wto on behalf of the wto , members of its secretariat , and himself , as well as to provide assistance for china 's early accession to the wto .
he said that china 's accession to the wto would benefit china , other countries in the world , and the wto itself .
he said that his goal is clear , and he hoped china would become a wto member at an early date , so that the wto would become a global trading body in the true sense .
at the invitation of shi guangsheng , moore arrived here on $date for a three - day visit .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - at the great hall of the people today , vice premier qian qichen met with us deputy secretary of state strobe talbott and members of his entourage , us under secretary of defense walter slocombe , vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff joseph ralston , and deputy national security advisor to the president james steinberg .
vice foreign minister yang jiechi and us ambassador to china joseph prueher were present at the meeting .
vice premier qian said : maintaining and developing friendly , cooperative , and normal [ you hao he zuo he zheng chang de $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] state - to - state relations between china and the united states - - large countries with significant influence in the world - - is of great significance to safeguarding world peace and promoting global economic development .
sino - us relations experienced substantial twists and turns last year .
thanks to the joint efforts of their leaders and governments , china and the united states restored and developed their relations , especially after the meeting between president jiang zemin and president clinton in auckland .
sino - us relations are now faced with opportunities for further improvement and development . there are also challenges .
we are willing to work with the us side to advance sino - us relations in the direction defined by the presidents of the two countries and toward the goal established by them .
vice premier qian emphatically pointed out : the taiwan issue has always been the most important and the most sensitive issue at the core of sino - us relations .
we hope that the us side will abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant commitments and properly handle the taiwan issue .
deputy secretary of state talbott said : the clinton administration is committed to the development of us - china relations .
president clinton is determined to further promote us - china relations along the lines of a constructive strategic partnership in the remaining months of his tenure .
president clinton is firmly committed to urging the us congress to support permanent normal trade relations with china .
on the taiwan issue , talbott said that the us side recognizes the importance and sensitivity of this issue , and adheres to the one - china principle , the three sino - us joint communiques , and the " three noes " [ no support for taiwan independence , no support for one china , one taiwan or two chinas , and no support for taiwan 's membership in international organizations for which statehood is a requirement ] promise .
talbott said that the us government opposes the taiwan security enhancement act and will prevent it from becoming law .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - central military commission vice chairman zhang wannian met with deputy secretary of state strobe talbott , us undersecretary of defense walter slocombe , and vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff joseph ralston today .
the two sides talked about the restoration of exchanges and the development of the relations between the chinese and us armed forces .
zhang wannian specially elaborated clearly china 's stand on the taiwan issue , including the issue of us arms sales to taiwan .
today , central foreign affairs office director [ zhong yang wai shi ban gong shi zhu ren $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] liu huaqiu and the chinese people 's liberation army deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai also separately met with talbott and his party .
from $date , vice foreign minister yang jiechi and deputy secretary of state strobe talbott held sino - us negotiations on strategic security . the two sides had an in - depth and frank [ shen ru he tan shuai di $number $number $number $number $number $number ] exchange of views with the keys points on global and regional security and sino - us relations , especially the taiwan issue .
both sides held that china and the united states undertake special responsibility in safeguarding world and regional peace , stability , and security .
both sides expressed the necessity of increasing contacts , enhancing understanding , expanding consensus , and promoting cooperation .
the chinese side pointed out that the development and deployment of national and theater missile defense systems are not conducive to the global strategic balance and not conducive to regional peace and stability .
it hoped the us side will respect the universal desire of the international community , act prudently , and make wise decisions .
" with china as a member , the wto will further benefit the world , china , and all members of the organization , and the wto will become more complete , " said michael moore , director general of the wto , who is currently on a visit to beijing , in an exclusive interview today with a xinhua reporter .
" the day when china joins the wto will be an important day . "
moore expressed the hope that the day will come early .
moore , $number , became the director general of the wto on $date last year .
before that , he was the prime minister , associate minister of foreign affairs and trade , and minister of foreign affairs and trade of new zealand .
he was elected member of new zealand 's parliament at $number and was the youngest member of the parliament in new zealand 's history .
during his three - day visit to china , his main purpose is to look into the remaining obstacles to china 's accession to the wto , so that he can coordinate all parties concerned to accelerate the process of china 's accession .
following his exchange of views with premier zhu rongji yesterday , this morning he held talks with shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation .
moore said he was optimistic about china 's accession to the wto within this year .
he said : " chinese leaders are determined to join the wto and people of the wto are also very enthusiastic about this .
china 's becoming a member of the wto will benefit china as well as other countries .
china 's accession to the wto will have great significance and will be a very important event .
we expect that china will become a member of the wto within this year and this also is the goal of our efforts . "
he also said that , to join the wto , china still needs to hold talks with eu , mexico , and other members of the wto .
he said , currently , all parties concerned hope that a final decision will be made within this year on china 's accession to the wto , and the secretariat of the wto will do its best to accelerate the consultative process .
moore took note of the opportunities and difficulties china will face after it joins the wto as a developing country .
he said : after china joins the wto , it will have more development opportunities , and development will bring prosperity and peace .
but , after china 's accession to the wto , its problems will not disappear . china 's state - owned enterprises need to enhance their competitiveness and some industries will face competitions .
he expressed the belief that , with the chinese people 's wisdom and industriousness , china 's future is bright .
moore said , after china 's accession to the wto , it will fuse itself into an increasingly tightly - bound world , and this will bring economic prosperity and make china safer .
he said " this is an economic issue and more a development issue . "
recalling his $number visit to china $date , moore said , comparing with $number , beijing now is a completely different city , and , for china , the past two decades were two decades of success .
moore said that , although accepting a new member needs to be decided by the members of the wto , he himself and the wto under his leadership will do everything they can to provide favorable conditions for china 's accession to the organization at an early date , and will encourage wto members to made new efforts toward this end .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - noted economist cao siyuan ( $number $number $number ) says that china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] is a $number round of reform and opening - up . in a certain sense , he adds , joining the wto will have a more extensive impact on china ; it will be of more profound and far - reaching significance to this country , compared with $number round of reform and opening up , which started $date when china had just recovered from its prolonged difficulties .
according to cao siyuan , china 's accession to the wto will bring about five big changes : $number .
promotion of trade liberalization after its entry to the wto , china and the $number wto members will give each other favorable treatment in terms of trade .
it will gradually reduce its tariff rates and remove non - tariff barriers .
this will increase china 's imports and exports . as forecast by the departments concerned , china 's total foreign trade volume will rise to the level of some $ $number $date , as against $ $number $date . the export of textile products is expected to increase $number percent , and garments $number percent . $number .
promotion of investment liberalization the wto wants to break down not only trade barriers , but also investment barriers .
after our accession to the wto , the wto 's operational rules will be applicable to china , and it must ask us to radically improve our environment for investment .
this will open a wide space for soliciting foreign investment .
in the future , apart from sino - foreign joint ventures , sino - foreign cooperative enterprises , and solely - foreign - funded businesses , we must have a new form of foreign investment - - transnational merger and acquisition , that is , merger and acquisition of chinese enterprises by foreign companies .
this will enormously increase the total amount of foreign capital introduced into this country , hopefully from $number 's $ $number to $ $number $date . $number .
promotion of market competition after china 's entry to the wto , both import and export barriers have to be removed .
put another way , we must , as a $number step , eliminate our domestic trade blockade between different localities so as to cope with the more forceful external competition pressure we will be confronted with after joining the wto .
however , it is only this pressure that can sharpen the competitive edge of chinese enterprises and china - made products . we often say that we should boost china 's overall national strength .
the overall strength of a country is most primarily manifested by the competitiveness of its enterprises and products .
the competitiveness of enterprises and products , the fine product quality and low prices , and the big market enjoyed by the products represent the most important overall strength of a country .
promotion of all - round reform after its entry to the wto , china will fully converge with the rest of the world to make joint efforts toward creating and sharing a new civilization on the globe .
such a full - scale convergence will surely prompt china to launch an all - round reform .
the most cardinal effect of this convergence is that it will trigger our demand for further reforming the economic structure , government administration , and the entire political system . $number .
promotion of improvement of people 's living standard the direct beneficiary of china 's entry to the wto is , of course , the broad masses of consumers .
the lowering of tariff rates will lead to a lower price level , either directly or indirectly , thus raising the purchasing power of the money in the hands of consumers .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in view of the continued conspicuous contradiction between the supply of and the demand for the graduates of schools of higher learning and the employment situation that is not optimistic , the ministry of personnel issued a circular urging personnel departments at all levels to continue efforts in implementing the spirit of the state council 's relevant documents and do a good job in placing these graduate this year .
the circular emphasizes : great efforts should be made to facilitate the process of distribution of graduate resources according to market demand and strive to establish a graduate employment system that suits the socialist market economy system .
we should guide the graduates to find jobs in the personnel market and ensure they are employed more rapidly .
localities and departments where conditions permit should actively and steadily promote the method of no guaranteed employment and should gradually establish a new mechanism for placing the graduates , which suits the characteristics of personnel distribution and flow under the condition of the market economy .
the circular urges : continued efforts should be made to select graduates of schools of higher learning to work in rural areas and in grass - roots public security departments .
when employing the graduates , state administrative organs at all levels should strictly implement the " interim regulations on state public servants " and persist in employment through examination .
while conducting reform to define the number of posts and divert surplus personnel to other sectors , local government institutions should employ as many outstanding graduates as possible to fill in the vacancies , so that the age , specialty , and education structure of public servants will become more scientific and rational .
other institutions should employ these graduates in line with their personnel reform , employ personnel from the public persistently in line with the principle of open employment on an equal basis and through competition and selection of the best , make sure that both the employers and the graduates make their own choices , and avoid " black box operation . "
the circular states : personnel departments at all levels should provide preferential policies to meet the personnel needs of state - owned large and medium - sized key enterprises that conform to the state industrial policy , the units that undertake the state 's key construction and scientific research projects for $number five - year plan period , the agriculture , water conservancy , energy , transportation , and telecommunications units that the state strengthens on a priority basis , the units of the pillar industries , and the national defense and military units .
they should change concepts , strengthen service , formulate policies for nonstate - owned units to employ the graduates and for supporting university and graduate school graduates to initiate their own businesses , resolve the numerous obstacles and problems that nonstate - owned units encounter in employing the graduates and the graduates encounter in initiating their own businesses , and provide personnel service to the graduates , such as archive management , annual evaluation , job classification , wage adjustments , and political examination for foreign trips .
western regions should seize the opportunity presented by implementation of the strategy of large - scale development of western regions and formulate encouraging policies to guide the graduates to work in these regions in line with the development priorities determined by the state .
the circular urges : personnel departments at all levels should give full play to the role of their subordinate personnel markets to provide good - quality service to the graduates .
they should strictly investigate and deal with all fraud in employment that aims at profit making .
they should extend the period for the graduates to choose their own jobs in line with the spirit of relevant state regulations .
personnel service institutions under government personnel departments at and above the county level should serve as a personnel agent for the graduates who return to their native towns without having jobs determined , so that these graduates still can choose their own jobs through the personnel market .
the circular emphasizes : personnel departments at all levels should attach great importance to the employment of graduates , seriously analyze the local situation in this work , and study and resolve new conditions and problems in a timely manner so as to make the work successful .
they should make work procedures public and simplify the procedures for examination and approval to raise work efficiency .
they should actively coordinate with relevant departments to explore and establish the social security system for unemployment insurance and medical service that are closely related with the employment of graduates , so that a realistic and effective guarantee can be provided for the employment of graduates .
personnel departments at all levels should also coordinate and cooperate with education , planning , finance , public security , and grain departments to ensure the smooth progress in the employment of graduates .
as was learned recently from the discipline inspection commission of guangdong province , guangdong 's discipline inspection and supervision organs registered $number cases last year , of which $number cases were large and serious cases ; and punished $number people according to party and administrative disciplinary action , of whom $number were department - level cadres and $number section - level cadres .
as much as $number yuan of economic losses were recovered for the state from the concluded cases . according to wang huayuan , standing committee member of the guangdong provincial party committee and secretary of the provincial discipline inspection commission , the guangdong provincial party committee and discipline inspection commission pooled efforts last year to investigate and handle a number of large and serious cases that had an impact on the province and even the country .
they included the zhanjiang large smuggling case ; the case of li jun , former secretary of the leading party group of the guangdong import - export commodity inspection bureau , who amassed a tremendous amount of property from unclear sources ; the embezzlement case of ding changhong , former deputy director of the provincial economic cooperation office and president of the provincial economic cooperation group company ; the case of shao rucai , former director of the guangzhou city finance bureau , who took bribes ; the case of yu dehai , former secretary of the baoan district party committee in shenzhen city , who took bribes ; and the case of xiao shimu , former standing committee member of the party committee , secretary of the political and legal commission , and director of the public security bureau of qingyuan city , who took bribes .
wang huayuan said : this year guangdong 's discipline inspection and supervision departments will continue to regard investigation of large and serious cases as the priority of the anticorruption work .
they will lay emphasis on investigating and handling the law and discipline violations committed by party and government leading organs , administrative law - enforcement organs , judicial organs , economic management departments , and leading cadres at and above the county ( section ) level .
meanwhile , they will increase efforts in investigating the law and discipline violations in the financial , securities , and real estate areas , in the approval and transfer of the lease of land , in material procurement , in the judicial area , and in cadre - related personnel work .
they will also resolutely investigate and handle violations of political discipline , cases of smuggling and trafficking of smuggled goods , cases of fraud in tax and foreign exchange payments , law and discipline violations committed by state - owned enterprise leaders , cases of loss of state - owned assets , and law and discipline violations committed by rural grass - roots cadres .
beijing , $date - - $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] and $number session of $number chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee ( hereinafter referred to as the two sessions ) will open in beijing on $date and $date , respectively .
following the precedent of last year 's sessions , which were short and streamlined , this year 's npc session and cppcc national committee sessions will also last only $number days and will end on $date and $date , respectively .
agenda setting , media coverage , and other preparatory work are being made in an intense but orderly way , according to a relevant source .
it has been learned that in addition to the scheduled delivery of the government work report by the premier and news conference by the premier and foreign minister for chinese and foreign journalists during the two sessions , it has also been decided that npc standing committee chairman li peng will personally deliver the npc standing committee 's work report to npc deputies and cppcc members .
according to established practice , the heads of the state council and its subordinate departments regularly deliver reports to the npc deputies on the their respective departments ' work conducted in the preceding year .
vice chairman tian jiyun has always delivered the work report , while chairman qiao shi presided over the sessions .
at $number session of $number npc , vice chairman jiang chunyun delivered the npc standing committee report , while chairman li peng presided over the session .
according to the source , in response to the wishes and calls from the people 's congresses at various levels , it has been decided that the npc standing committee chairman will deliver the work report personally . this is also in light of $number npc 's legislative achievement and of the important role played by $number npc in building the country 's legal system . this meets the need of further developing npc work .
in the last two years , since he was elected chairman of $number npc standing committee $date , li peng has gained in - depth understanding of npc work and has made considerable contributions to conducting legislative research and strengthening the rule of law in governing the country , according to the source . his delivery of the npc standing committee report to npc deputies will help create a new situation in npc work in the new century . it will make npc 's work more transparent and more oriented to society and the general public .
it has been learned that the main agenda of $number session of $number npc includes the following : to hear and examine the government work report ; to examine and approve the report on implementation of the $number national economic and social development plan and on the draft plan for national economic and social development $date ; to examine and approve the report on implementation of the central and local budgets for $number and on the draft central and local budgets for $number ; to examine the draft legislation law ; to hear and examine the report on the work of the npc standing committee ; to hear and examine the report on the work of the supreme people 's court ; and to hear and examine the report on the work of the supreme people 's procuratorate .
prior to the opening of the sessions , an npc chairpersons ' meeting and npc standing committee meeting will be held in beijing on $date and $date , respectively . the main purpose of these meetings is to examine the agenda of the $date session and to examine and approve the law of supervision on individual cases and other laws .
this year 's $date marks $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang zemin 's important speech " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
president jiang forwarded an eight - point proposal for developing cross - strait relations in the current stage and for advancing the process of reunifying the motherland through peaceful means .
i resolutely support the eight - point proposal and firmly believe that the complete reunification of the motherland will be achieved .
as we enter the new millenium , it is necessary for us to review the process of history .
in the past half century , the two sides of the taiwan strait have been in a state of hostile separation . however , our government has successively forwarded different policies on taiwan in accordance with specific situations at different times for achieving the great cause of the motherland 's reunification . in $date , our slogan was " liberate taiwan , " forwarded on the basis of the political environment during the initial period of liberation .
beginning from mid and later parts of $date , in coordination with china 's socialist construction , we forwarded the proposal of " liberate taiwan through peaceful means . "
in $date , mr. deng xiaoping proposed six concepts on taiwan policy for achieving the motherland 's peaceful reunification , making the concept of " one country , two systems " more specific and systematic .
on $date , president jiang zemin , proceeding from the actual situation , brilliantly expounded the profound meaning of mr. deng xiaoping 's " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " principle , and released the important speech " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
in the past half century , the chinese government and people have made relentless efforts for ending the state of hostile separation between the two sides of the taiwan strait and for accomplishing the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
president jiang 's speech again reiterated the hope of settling the taiwan issue through peaceful means and implementing two systems for one country , that is , the " one country , two systems " concept .
in fact , after the introduction of the " one country , two systems " concept , the situation on the two sides of the taiwan strait has undergone very great changes : a large number of taiwan people have visited their relatives and traveled in the mainland ; taiwan businessmen have invested and conducted businesses in the motherland ; mass exchanges between the two sides have increasingly frequent ; and relations between the two sides have become increasingly closer .
this interaction between the two sides of the strait finally led to the establishment of the association for relations across the taiwan strait [ arats ] and the strait exchange foundation [ sef ] , the officially authorized organizations on the two sides to settle specific problems in cross - strait exchanges , which also led to the two wang - ku talks .
a review of history shows that portugal occupied macao $number years ago , and britain seized hong kong $number years ago . the big powers divided up china and established the so - called " concession " in chinese territory . this resulted in a divided china , which is a great insult to the chinese people . all chinese people do not want to see a repeat of this situation and will never forget the painful historical lesson .
therefore , " taiwan independence " and the " two - state theory " are absurd theories that ignore history and attempt to split china . they will never achieve their aims . implementing " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is the only and best feasible method for ending the state of separation between the two sides of the taiwan strait and accomplishing the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland marks major progress in the process of the chinese nation 's reunification , has strengthened the confidence of the chinese people 's fervent hope for early settlement of the taiwan issue , and has made the days of achieving the complete reunification of the motherland even more closer .
the smooth reversion of hong kong and macao should be a mirror . the confidence of hong kong and macao compatriots has been enhanced tremendously compared to that $date .
since its reversion to the motherland , hong kong has implemented " one country , two systems , " " hong kong people running hong kong affairs , " and a high degree of autonomy , which will remain unchanged for $number years . hong kong recently succeeded in resisting against the impact of the financial crisis to maintain a prosperous and stable society .
earlier , after his visit to hong kong , us president clinton praised the implementation of " one country , two systems . " even chris patten , the " last governor " of hong kong , could not but affirm the success of " one country , two systems " after seeing social stability and economic prosperity in hong kong .
there is only one china in the world , and taiwan is part of china . the chinese territory and sovereignty is indivisible .
" peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is the chinese government 's general principle on the issue of the great cause of the motherland 's reunification . it was originally proposed for settling the taiwan issue , but has now been proven feasible in the reversion of hong kong and macao . it is of huge vitality . however , it is based on " one country , " and only under the situation of safeguarding the motherland 's territorial integrity can we talk about " two systems . "
now taiwan 's mainstream public opinion is to maintain the cross - strait interaction situation and peaceful reunification .
therefore , the motherland has continued to implement the policy of reform and opening up and economic development , enhanced its comprehensive national strength , continued to raise the quality of the people 's life , promoted forward development of cross - strait interactive relations , and strengthened the chinese people 's cohesive force , thereby playing an active role in peaceful reunification of the motherland .
we believe the taiwan compatriots will express their aspiration for peace , stability , and anti - splittism and also hope that the new taiwan leader will shake off the shadows of lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory , " resume the arats - sef talks under the one - china principle , and achieve dr. sun yat - sen 's lofty ideals of " peaceful unification and a powerful china . "
compatriots on the two sides of the taiwan strait are both chinese people with the same roots and ancestors . just like solving different opinions within a family , it is better to resolve them by peaceful means as early as possible .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - while holding talks in beijing today with the $number best judges from the whole country , with whom people are satisfied , luo gan , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , state councilor , and secretary of the central political and legal affairs commission , stressed : the people 's courts must persistently adhere to the basic norm of serving the people heart and soul ; take people 's satisfaction as the criterion ; carry out work by starting with things with which people are satisfied ; improve work by starting with things with which people are not satisfied ; ensure judicial impartiality ; and safeguard socialism .
not along ago , the supreme people 's court , " renmin ribao , " xinhua news agency , china central television [ cctv ] station , central people 's broadcasting station , and " fazhi ribao " jointly appraised and elected the " $number best judges from the whole country , with whom people are satisfied . " the people and masses directly voted and elected $number people 's judges for the award of this honorable title .
at today 's forum , luo gan said : the people and masses should have the ultimate say when testing whether our work has met the criterion of people 's satisfaction or not and whether our political and legal affairs organs and our police officers and men have really won the people 's trust or not , for their views are the most authoritative ones .
last year , the central political and legal affairs commission conducted an activity entitled " contending to become police officers and men in the political and legal sector , with whom the people are satisfied " and this was an important measure aimed at further implementing the strategy of running the country in accordance with the law ; forging closer ties between the political and legal affairs departments and the people and masses ; and strengthening the political and legal contingent building .
during the activity of appraising and electing the " $number best judges from the whole country , with whom people are satisfied , " we have let the people and masses act as the " principal examiner " and the people 's judges act as the " student sitting for examination " and have thus enhanced the ties and understanding between the people 's courts and the broad masses of people and further deepened the development of the " contending " activity and this is bound to give a positive impetus to strengthening the court contingent building and educating and urging the broad masses of judges and personnel of other political and legal affairs organs to diligently and honestly perform their official duties ; serve the people ; observe disciplines ; abide by the law ; and do things in accordance with the law .
in the activity , the news units have brought into full play the superiority of our party 's propaganda work and this is indeed a beneficial try at loudly singing the keynote ; taking the initiative to fight a battle ; persisting in positive education ; and upholding healthy tendencies .
luo gan pointed out : serving the people heart and soul has all along remained our party 's aim .
the work on various fronts and of various departments , which is led by our party , especially that of the political and legal affairs departments , should persistently serve the people heart and soul and should focus on tackling problems which have aroused strong resentment among the people and masses , such as unfair trials , lack of forceful enforcement , bad images , and so on .
luo expressed the hope that the comrades who have won the election will guard against arrogance and rashness ; make persistent efforts ; take their election victory as a new starting point ; and continue to add honor and credit to the people 's courts and the people 's judges by setting themselves higher criteria and stricter requirements .
luo stressed : as the state judicial organs , the people 's courts , which exercise judicial power on behalf of the state , must ensure judicial impartiality and this is not only a stipulation provided for in our country 's constitution and laws and a demand of the strategy of running the country in accordance with the law but also an ardent hope of the broad masses of people .
we must conscientiously solve such a fundamental question as " whose interests we represent , " namely , for whom we exercise power and enforce the law , in accordance with general secretary jiang zemin 's requirement of " strict law enforcement and warm service . "
we should constantly reform and perfect the courts ' judicial work , personnel work system , and operational procedures in accordance with the provisions of our constitution and laws and ensure judicial impartiality by virtue of the laws and systems .
we should dare to eliminate all sorts of interference ; overcome local protectionism and departmental protectionism ; unswervingly safeguard the authority of our constitution and laws ; and safeguard the unity of our country 's rule of law .
only by so doing will we be able to cultivate in the heart of the people and masses such a fine image that the people 's courts and people 's judges impartially enforce the law ; handle cases in a civilized way ; and warmly offer services .
at the forum , the " $number best judges from the whole country , with whom people are satisfied , " including meng xianfu , wang yongsong , zhao ping , luo libo , liu cheng , wang jiaxin , qi aixiang , luo dongchuan , qi su , and sun jihua , reported on their thoughts and experiences respectively .
the forum was attended by xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and the relevant leading comrades from the central political and legal affairs commission , the supreme people 's court , " renmin ribao , " xinhua news agency , cctv station , central people 's broadcasting station , and " fazhi ribao . "
last year , procuratorial organs at three levels of sichuan put on file for investigations $number cases involving corruption , bribe taking , and other job - related crimes in the province 's state - owned enterprises . the cases involved a total amount of $number yuan ; a number of criminals were severely punished according to law to ensure stability and development of state - owned enterprises .
it has been learned that , last year , sichuan 's procuratorial organs focused on investigating economic criminal cases involving leading cadres at and above the county and departmental levels ' state - owned enterprises , and $number leading cadres were found to have been involved in major cases , of which $number were at the departmental or bureau level .
xu xingwei ( deputy departmental level ) , former deputy general manager of the chang cheng special steel ( group ) company under the sichuan provincial investment group , was suspected of abusing his authority and ganging up with others to embezzle $number yuan , of which $number were pocketed by himself .
he was severely punished according to law . procuratorial organs of sichuan have actively explored for new ways to reform and develop state - owned enterprises in the new situation and have fully made use of their procuratorial function . proceeding from strictly investigating " moths " of state - owned enterprises , they have focused on preventing and cracking down on job - related crimes committed by leaders of state - owned enterprises to ensure safety of state - owned assets and the interests of the large numbers of staff members and workers of state - owned enterprises , providing effective legal support for large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises in sichuan to free themselves from their difficult situations within three years .
due to their weak foundation , serious shortages of capital and relative backward managerial skill , a large number of developing countries could not gain benefits from economic globalization , and the unequal international trade and financial management system further widened the gap between the south and the north .
according to a statistical report , the number of the most undeveloped countries has increased from $number $date to $number at present .
the combined population of the $number countries accounts for $number percent of the world population , but their exports only account for $number percent of the total amount of world exports , and their imports only account for $number percent of the total imports in the world , decreasing by $number percent compared with their total trade $date .
in order to change this situation , the developed countries , which have benefited most in the course of economic globalization and have possessed a huge amount of capital and advanced technologies , are totally capable of providing more development aid to developing countries .
according to research released recently by the united nations conference on trade and development , only $ $number would be required to provide basic medical care for all people in the most undeveloped countries . this figure is merely equivalent to the cost of feeding pets in the united states and western european countries in a year .
looking at the problem from a historical point of view , the developed countries have the responsibility and obligation to provide aid to those developing countries .
at present , developing countries are mostly former colonies or semi - colonies . the poverty and backwardness of those countries now are the results of cruel exploitation by their suzerains .
it can be said that without frenzied plundering in earlier years , developed countries could not have been so prosperous today .
therefore , the united nations has stipulated that developed countries must use $number percent of their gnp for " development aid " each year .
however , the actual situation is that the development aid is not satisfactory in amount , content , and types .
$number of all , the developed countries ' aid has not reached the standard of $number percent of their gnp , and the amount has been decreasing in recent years .
since $date , the official aid from developed countries to the most undeveloped countries has been reduced by $number percent .
according to a reference material , the amount of annual development aid provided each year by the $number members of the organization for economic cooperation and development is about $ $number , which only account for $number percent of their combined gnp , significantly less than $number percent of their combined gnp $date .
owing to inadequate funds , those development aids can only be used to cover the deficits of the most undeveloped countries and cannot be truly used for development .
besides , in providing aid , western countries often put forward many harsh terms on democratization , political system , judicial independence and human rights issues . sometimes , those countries even clearly limit the use of funds .
this kind of practice of " meddling in others ' affairs " not only will be suspected of interfering in internal affairs of other countries , but will often be divorced from the national situation of receiving countries or even bring disasters to receiving countries .
for example , $number years ago , western countries used the threat of stopping aid to promote a tide of " democratization " in africa . this not only has not brought democracy to the african people , but has also caused sustained political upheavals and serious economic recession in many african countries . the repercussions are still being felt today .
according to a statistical report , due to unfair trade , labor service , and the financial system in the world today , the losses to developing countries are as high as $ $number each year , or ten times the amount of aid received by developing countries .
therefore , many people with insight have pointed out that if western countries really want to help developing countries , they should not just provide funds but should give favorable treatment to developing countries in capital , transfer of technologies , and training of people . they should also open their markets to developing countries and enable developing countries to gain more benefits in the course of economic globalization .
of course , in the face of future challenges , developing countries should also look reality in the face , strengthen internal unity , give full play to their own advantages , and accelerate their pace of development while trying to obtain more and reasonable foreign aid .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - through the efforts of $number experts in nearly one year , the water conditions of the huang he have basically been determined , thus providing a basis for decision - making in the task of harnessing the flood problems of the huang he .
historically , many floods have occurred at the huang he , china 's $number - largest river .
the water conditions of the huang he , especially issues that concern the strategy for harnessing the river 's water volume , standards for floods , and balance of supply and demand of its water resources have attracted much attention .
since the end of $number , the ministry of water resources and the huang he water resources committee have gathered experts to conduct a study on " major problems of the huang he and countermeasures . " they have drawn on achievements of the programs to harness the huang he and scientific research and adopted the latest hydrological data to strive to determine a complete set of latest data on the huang he 's water conditions .
$number water data to be determined is the volume of water .
over the past years , the average annual flow of the huang he is $number cubic meters , or $number percent of the water flow of china 's rivers . however , with its limited underground water , the huang he is supplying its water for $number percent of the farmland , $number percent of the population , and $number large and medium - sized cities of the country , and its water has been transported over long distance beyond the valley .
besides , the experts have calculated the volume of water flow during the river 's biggest floods in the lower reaches seen in $number years and in $number years .
before the completion of the xiaolangdi key water control project , the flow of the biggest flood crest seen in $number years at the huang he 's huayuankou section was $number cubic meters per $number , and the water flow of the largest flood seen in $number years was $number cubic meters per $number .
the completion of the xiaolangdi project and the joint operation of the dams at sanmen gorge , luhun , and guxian will minimize the biggest flood in $number years at the huangyuankou section to $number cubic meters per $number and the flood in $number years to $number cubic meters per $number .
this is the basis for designs of flood prevention projects for the lower reaches of the huang he .
the experts have obtained the data for a balanced supply and demand of the huang he 's water resources and the forecast for water shortage .
new investigations show that the amount of water drawn for use by relevant national economic departments in the huang he valley and relevant areas is $number cubic meters . however , the actual water consumption is $number cubic meters , and the consumption of water from various rivers is $number cubic meters .
of these , the amount of water consumption in henan and shandong is $number cubic meters .
the agricultural sector is the largest consumer of water , constituting $number percent , and the industrial sector uses $number percent of water .
the forecast for water shortage in the huang he valley is that under conditions of a normal water supply , the valley will have a shortage of $number cubic meters $date , $number cubic meters $date , and $number cubic meters $date . there will be an increase in the number of years of water shortage .
the following are the main points for consideration : implementing water conserving irrigation , water for agricultural use should not be increased and could even be reduced ; development of the western regions will lead to greater development of industries in the huang he valley , leading to a more serious problem of water shortages for industries ; and transporting sand in the lower reaches during the flood season while maintaining basic ecological balance during non - flood season , and maintaining water supply for ecological environment for water and soil conservation in the middle reaches .
on the basis of the water condition data obtained , the experts have begun to conduct scientific study , hear opinions from all sides , and forward new countermeasures and suggestions to harness the huang he . the relevant authorities are examining these efforts .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - after the spring festival , members of the standing committee of the cpc central committee [ cpccc ] political bureau immediately split into separate groups to visit some counties ( and cities ) to investigate and study in depth the situation in carrying out the education of " stressing studying theory , political consciousness , and healthy trends " and personally conduct mobilization .
party committees at various levels , especially their key leading cadres , must conscientiously study and profoundly comprehend the spirit of the cpccc 's directive on conscientiously strengthening their leadership and on properly carrying out the " three stresses " education in a thorough and solid manner , and earnestly attend to various tasks of the " three stresses " education for counties ( and cities ) in strict accordance with the cpccc 's arrangement .
the cpccc 's decision to carry out education in party character and party style with a revamped spirit , centering on the " three stresses " and targeting at leading bodies and cadres of county level and above , is a major policy decision made according to the situation and tasks faced by our party in the new period , as well as according to the realities in our party 's own construction , and for the purpose of effectively advancing the new great project in party building .
over the past year or so , under the cpccc 's leadership , party committees at various levels have strengthened their leadership , made arrangements meticulously , and done solid work to ensure a smooth and healthy development of the " three stresses " education .
at present , the intensive " three stresses " education for leading bodies and cadres at the level of province and ministry and the level of prefecture , city , department , and bureau has basically come to a conclusion .
overall , leading bodies and cadres have shown significant improvements in terms of ideology , political consciousness , work style , and discipline , basically meeting the cpccc 's requirements .
this is totally necessary in order to further raise the party 's leadership standards and governing standards in an overall manner , and strengthen the ability of party organizations at various levels to resist corruption and changes and guard against risks , thereby ensuring , in a fundamental way , constant advancement in the great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
practice proves that this round of the " three stresses " education is a creative exploration in strengthening and improving party building in the new period , especially in ideological and political building of leading bodies and cadres . it carries forward and enriches in the period the yanan rectification spirit and the party 's " three great styles , " and is an important measure in promoting and implementing the principle that " the party must manage itself " and the principle of " sternly governing the party . "
at present , conducting in - depth " three stresses " education in a down - to - earth manner among leading bodies and leading cadres at the county ( city ) level on the basis of consolidating and expanding the achievements in the " three stresses " education at the level of the province and ministry and at the level of the prefecture , city , department and bureau is an important part of the entire " three stresses " education .
the county ( city ) level is in an important position of the link between the upper and lower levels of the party 's organizational structure and the structure of state political power , as well as in work involving the overall situation in our country , and is an important foundation for economic development , social stability and the consolidation of the political power in our country .
county ( city ) party and government leading bodies and leading cadres are on $number line of the work of reform , development and stability , and undertake the important duty of implementing the party 's line , principles and policies at the grass - roots level in urban and rural areas .
the ideological and political quality , the mental state and the work of cadres at this level have a direct bearing on the implementation of the party 's line , principles and policies , influence local reform , development and stability , and influence party - people and cadre - people relations . on the whole , the situation of the contingent of the leading bodies and leading cadres of $number counties ( cities ) across the country is good .
the overwhelming majority of comrades are politically reliable , work seriously and diligently , and constantly make progress in various aspects .
they are in the prime of life , have received a relatively high level of education , are relatively active in thinking , dare to forge ahead in a pioneering spirit , and have done much hard work to implement the party 's line and central policy - decisions , and to promote socialist modernization .
however , it is also necessary to be aware that some clear weak points and shortcomings also exist among some cadres at this level .
the conspicuous problems are quite a few comrades lack a systematic study of marxist theory , lack the ability to control a complicated situation and resolve complicated contradictions , lack strict inner - party life and have not been much tempered in doing mass work .
some comrades are often prone to overestimating themselves and lack the self - discipline spirit .
a considerable portion of these comrades have problems here and there to varying degrees in party character and party style , and the problems of some comrades are even relatively serious .
therefore , it is imperative to seriously do a good job in conducting the " three stresses " education at the county ( city ) level .
in conducting the " three stresses " education of county ( city ) leading bodies and leading cadres , it is necessary to comprehensively implement the spirit of the decision made by the cpc central committee on conducting " three stresses " education among leading bodies and leading cadres above the county level , fully use for reference the experience in the " three stresses " education at the level of the province and ministry and the level of the prefecture , city , department and bureau , closely integrate it with the characteristics and new situation of counties ( cities ) , combine it with the current reality in reform , development and stability , seriously implement the spirit of rectification , persistently set high standards and strict demands , and earnestly solve existing conspicuous problems in party character and party style .
it is necessary to take stressing political consciousness as the core and emphasize the solution of problems in five aspects : $number is to strengthen the belief in marxism and the conviction in building socialism with chinese characteristics and the eventual realization of communism . $number is to resolutely and comprehensively implement the party 's line , principles and policies and important central policy decisions . $number is to firmly establish the idea of wholeheartedly serving the people . $number is to strictly observe all stipulations in democratic centralism .
$number is to establish the fine style of seeking truth , dealing with concrete matters relating to work , working earnestly and in a down - to - earth manner , and relaying on the people in work . to conduct in - depth " three stresses " education in a down - to - earth manner at the county ( city ) level , studying theory , enhancing consciousness and using a correct style of study should be emphasized in the entire " three stresses " education .
$number of all , it is necessary to gain a thorough understanding of the central spirit and deepen the understanding of the importance and necessity of the " three stresses " education .
on this basis , it is necessary to study intensely and carefully the books on the compulsory list according to the requirements for study stipulated by the central committee .
stressing theoretical study is the foundation . it is necessary to devote sufficient time and efforts to theoretical study and arm the mind .
in - depth theoretical study will raise the level of understanding and will increase ability to find , put forward and analyze problems .
it is especially necessary to emphasize adherence to the study style of integrating theory with reality and aim at solving problems .
it is necessary to link with the reality of one 's work and enhance the consciousness of implementing the party 's line , principles and policies , and it is also necessary to link with one 's ideological reality and find one 's gap and problems in the world outlook , outlook on life and values . it is necessary to learn not only from books , but also from reality and the people . it is necessary not only to make improvement through summing up successful experience , but also to make progress through learning lessons from setbacks .
in carrying out " three stresses ' education in counties ( cities ) in a profound and down - to - earth manner , it is necessary to use the weapon of criticism and self - criticism to conduct positive and healthy ideological struggle .
some current leading bodies are weak and slack and their cohesive force and combat effectiveness have dropped , and their existing problems cannot be resolved for a long period . a small number of leading cadres cannot withstand the temptation of power , money , and attractive women , and they abuse their power for personal gains or even end up on the road of committing crimes .
an important reason is a lack of positive and healthy ideological struggle within the party and the failure to conduct criticism and self - criticism .
whether we can seriously and earnestly conduct criticism and self - criticism will directly affect the quality of the " three stresses " education .
in conducting criticism and self - criticism , we must not avoid the important and dwell on the trivial or avoid real issues and dwell on the abstract , and merely stay on some insignificant empty discussions .
we must resolutely overcome the anxieties of facing embarrassment and pains , and must open up our minds , address problems directly , dare to point out weakness , and seriously dissect ourselves .
in conducting criticism , we must be serious and earnest as well as enthusiastic and friendly with people .
we must communicate our thinking and enhance understanding through heart - to - heart talks .
whether in criticism or self - criticism , we must attach importance to politics , and proceed from important matters instead of getting ourselves tangled with trivial affairs .
we must seek truth from facts to reach the goal of clearly identifying the ideology as well as uniting the comrades .
in carrying out " three stresses ' education in counties ( cities ) in a profound and down - to - earth manner , we must firmly trust and rely on the masses , carry forward democracy , and earnestly adopt the mass line .
top leaders of counties ( cities ) must directly face the grass - roots . the people may have a little more opinions . however , the leaders must not be too anxious because of this and be afraid to directly conduct " three stresses " education .
our party members and cadres are to serve the people . listening adequately to the people 's opinions is the precondition and basis for offering good service to them .
we must take the " three stresses " education as a good opportunity for procuring the people 's opinions , accepting the people 's supervision , and drawing on the people 's wisdom to improve our work .
meanwhile , we must actively lead the people and enthusiastically help leading cadres of counties ( cities ) .
it has been proven in practice that " own solutions , people 's proposals , superiors ' advice , and mutual assistance " is a good way to improve our tasks .
we must believe that the majority of cadres and masses possess political awareness and are able to identify what is right and wrong .
we must correctly handle the people 's opinions and use them as a driving force to improve our work . we will then continue to improve on our ideology and work .
in carrying out " three stresses ' education in counties ( cities ) in a profound and down - to - earth manner , it is necessary to make improvement and rectification .
if possible , we must immediately rectify problems the people are concerned about so that they will continue to see the results of the " three stresses " education , thus enhancing their confidence in the " three stresses " education .
the achievements of the " three stresses " education should finally be reflected in improvement and rectification . therefore , it is necessary to take the task of deepening improvement and rectification as an important link and do it efficiently .
the members of the standing committee of the cpccc political bureau have shown us an example by engaging in mobilization activities for deepening the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) .
party committees at all levels must shoulder their responsibilities . in particular , party secretaries must realistically perform the duties as $number responsible persons , and in accordance with the demand of the party central committee , make thorough plans for carrying out " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) .
it is necessary to select well inspecting groups and capable group leaders so as to bring into play the role of supervision , inspection , guidance , and assurance .
we must closely integrate the " three stresses " education into the promotion of current tasks so as " not to delay but improve the education and current tasks . "
we believe that with the correct leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , the rich experience gained through the " three stresses " education of the previous stage , and the support of the vast number of cadres and masses , we will definitely reach the anticipated objectives and achieve good results in the " three stresses " education for counties ( cities ) , thereby effectively promoting the victorious progress of various tasks of reform , opening up , and modernization .
guangzhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - chi haotian , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councilor , and minister of national defense , recently inspected the shenzhen base of the pla hong kong garrison and the zhuhai base of the pla macao garrison . during his inspection , he said : officers and soldiers of the garrisons should resolutely carry out chairman jiang 's instructions , insist on high standard and rigid requirement , and strive to turn themselves into $number rate units in all aspects .
accompanied by commander tao bojun of the guangzhou military region , chi haotian arrived at the shenzhen base of the pla hong kong garrison on the morning of $date .
chi haotian highly praised the results achieved by the unit over the past two years and more since it stationed in hong kong .
it has been strict with itself and made great efforts to improve the unit in all aspects . the unit has satisfactorily accomplished various tasks . as a result , the unit has presented a good image before the residents of hong kong as well as the people of the world . it has made positive contributions to the realization of the great concept of " one country , two systems . "
on the morning of $date , chi haotian went to the zhuhai base of the pla macao garrison to visit officers and soldiers there .
he highly praised the unit for smoothly stationing in macao and carrying out its defense duties in accordance with law .
he said : the historical contributions made by the pla hong kong garrison and the pla macao garrison will shine forever in the annals of the pla 's history . during his inspection , chi haotian respectively heard briefings presented by leaders of the garrisons .
he said : in resolutely carrying out chairman jiang 's instructions and strengthening the comprehensive construction of military units , we must , $number of all , be particularly qualified politically .
upholding the party 's absolute leadership over the army represents our fundamental principle and our everlasting military spirit .
in terms of upholding the party 's absolute leadership over the army , all officers and soldiers , particularly leading cadres at all levels , should have an extremely firm position .
they should have a clear - cut attitude and be highly conscientious in their deeds . they should unswervingly carry out the basic theory , line , and program of the party and resolutely safeguard the authority of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core . they should resolutely obey the command of the cpc central committee and the central military commission .
chi haotian said : under the new historical condition and in the face of new situation and task , great efforts should be made to strengthen ideological and political construction and build a strong defense line for resisting corruption and degeneration .
it is necessary to insist on arming the minds of the broad masses of officers and soldiers with marxism - leninism , mao zedong thought and particularly deng xiaoping theory . we should strive to study and carry out chairman jiang 's important expositions concerning the building of the army . we should spare no effort in carrying out education on patriotism and dedication , education on revolutionary outlook on life , education on respect for cadres and love for soldiers , and education on doing arduous work .
we should also carry out education on revolutionary spirit . we should guide officers and soldiers to inherit and carry forward the fine tradition of hard working so that they will withstand the tests of a complicated environment .
chi haotian said : the key to building qualified military units lies in building well leading groups of the party committees .
the " three stresses " requirement put forward by chairman jiang represents a fundamental requirement for strengthening the leading groups of the party committees .
party committees at all levels should conscientiously carry out the principle of " collective leadership , democratic centralism , exchanging views on the individual basis , and making a decision at the meeting . " we should uphold the principle of democratic centralism and continuously improve our ability in enhancing the construction of military units as well as in solving their own problems .
leading cadres at all levels should be clean , honest , and industrious . we should strive to increase the party committees ' rally force and fighting capacity .
chi haotian particularly stressed the importance of administrating the armed forces along legal lines and being strict with them .
he said : the basic requirement for the pla hong kong garrison and the pla macao garrison as well as for the whole army is this : they should have rigid military discipline , appearance , and bearing . they should have enthusiastic and lofty spirit . they should have civilized manner .
they should know that their disciple is their life and that their image represents the prestige of the country and the army . we must build our army in accordance with the general requirement of chairman jiang 's remarks that all army units must be qualified politically and competent militarily . they must have a fine style of work , maintain strict discipline and be assured of adequate logistical support . in this way , we can faithfully carry out well the sacred mission entrusted by the motherland and the people .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - zhu rongji , member of the cpc central committee standing committee , and premier of the state council , attended a forum of some of the participants to the national customs chiefs conference on the afternoon of $date . he pointed out that over the past year great achievements have been scored in customs work , which has contributed to the nation 's reform and development and won praise from the cpc central committee and the state council .
he expressed the hope that customs would give play to the results so far scored , sum up experience , rise with force and spirit , fire up fighting spirit , strictly manage customs work , genuinely " manage well its own staff , guard well the state 's gate , " scale new heights , and strive to do well in the customs work .
leading comrades from the state council li lanqing , luo gan , wu yi , and wang zhongyu attended the meeting .
he said in $date , the cpc central committee and the state council held a national work conference on cracking down on smuggling at which general secretary jiang zemin delivered a major speech , thereby unveiling the curtain for the concerted efforts by the nation 's various fronts against smuggling .
comrade jiang zemin pointed out at that conference and on other occasions : " this is not only a major economic struggle but also a serious political struggle . " there is a need to " make great decisions , act quickly , adopt tough measures , mete out heavy punishment , " stress sound legal system building , crack down on smuggling , corruption , and economic crimes according to law ; and emphasize the " military , armed police , and political and law departments withdraw from all business activities . "
comrade jiang zemin 's remark greatly jolted and produced a profound impact in the nation .
under the arrangements of the political and law departments , the customs sector firmly implemented the cpc central committee 's major policies and , together with relevant departments , launched a large - scale special drive against smuggling , scoring marked results and dealing a quick , heavy blow to smugglers .
thanks to stepped up collection and management of customs duties , to strict customs duties calculation , and to in - depth checks , customs revenue went up greatly .
cracking down on smuggling and increase in customs revenue have not only contributed to the central government 's implementation of policies to expand domestic demand and to practice a positive financial policy but also helped create a market environment for enterprise reform and for enterprises to get rid of difficulties .
at the same time , reform and building of the customs sector have made major progress .
the formation of the state anti - smuggling police force , the establishment of a joint anti - smuggling structure with customs departments forming the main body and complemented by public security and industry and commerce departments and other law enforcement departments , the rise in the computerization level of customs management have ensured the efficient progress of the anti - smuggling drive in terms of structure , mechanism and methods .
the achievements of these results have fully demonstrated that the decision and arrangements on carrying out in - depth struggle against smuggling made by the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at its core were proved completely correct and that the arduous efforts made by cadres and staff members of customs departments have contributed to those results . zhu rongji noted the great arduousness of this year 's reform and development tasks , hence the great significance of doing well in the customs work .
he called on cadres and staff members involving in customs work to have a full understanding of their heavy tasks and responsibilities , to strive for progress , and to do an even better job in respective areas .
$number , it is necessary to continuously intensify anti - smuggling efforts , always keep up the pressure on smugglers , not to let up the effort , guard against smuggling , deal a heavy blow to smuggling , and never to allow the relapse of smuggling activities .
there is a need to place emphasis on main crackdown efforts , to continuously implement the policy of " seizing smuggling goods at sea , blocking smuggling goods along coast , checking smuggling goods at port , managing the market , and meting out heavy punishment , " and to give full play to the role of the anti - smuggling police force .
customs departments are urged to coordinate closely with other departments , to comprehensively manage the anti - smuggling drive , to thoroughly smash the " smuggling chain " and the " smuggling net . "
$number , it is necessary to manage tax collection according to law , strictly supervise and manage tax collection , ensure collection of taxes that should be collected , and ensure fulfilling tax collection tasks .
$number , reform needs to be deepened and modernization of customs system should be enhanced .
reform of customs clearance should be a starting point for the comprehensive promotion of various reforms .
a good job needs to be continuously done in establishing computer networks , in accelerating realization of computerization in customs management , particularly in giving full play to the role of a " national customs declaration form checking system , " and in accelerating the development of the " computerized law enforcement system at the nation 's ports . "
there is a need to reform management system and methods of customs daily operations and to enhance customs departments ' law enforcement capabilities .
zhu rongji stressed the need to persist in strict management of the customs work and to earnestly enhance the building of the customs contingent .
he said the ranks of customs departments are generally good , have strong combat strength and are reliable .
problems as exposed in the ranks of customs departments need to be correctly recognized .
the exposure and punishment according to law of black sheep and corrosive elements among customs personnel is in itself a major achievement in the anti - smuggling work and in the fight against corruption and in the campaign promoting clean and honest administration , which shows that our party and government not only persist in the reform and opening up policy but also harshly crack down on economic crimes , and demonstrates that our party and government have the determination and capabilities to punish corrupt elements and to eradicate cancerous tumors .
zhu rongji called on customs departments to carry out in - depth clean and honest government building and to engage in struggle against corruption .
he demanded the earnest strengthening of management and supervision over leading cadres , that all levels of leading cadres exercise strict self - discipline , honestly perform official duties , and take the lead in resisting negative and corrupt phenomena .
corruption cases must be thoroughly investigated and corrupt elements should be severely punished according to law .
unhealthy tendencies at various trades and professions need to be rectified in a down - to - earth manner . all customs personnel must be absolutely fair in enforcing the law .
all customs departments must enhance and improve internal management and concentrate efforts on doing well in management .
it is necessary to comprehensively raise the political and ideological qualities of customs personnel , to ensure their purity and combat strength , and to genuinely erect a great wall that is impregnable and indestructible .
in conclusion , zhu rongji said the cpc central committee and the state council place heavy trust on customs personnel , hope that cadres and staff members at customs departments would not betray the trust in them , hope that they would set high standards , would set strict demands on them , would brilliantly accomplish various tasks , and make even greater contributions to reform , opening up , and the economic construction .
at the forum , qian guanlin , director of the general administration of customs , delivered briefings on customs work . liu wenjie , head of the guangdong branch of the general administration of customs ; sung songpu , head of dalian customs ; cao henli , head of shanghai customs , li qingzu , head of the qingdao customs ; and zhen pu , head of beijing customs , also spoke at the meeting .
responsible persons of relevant departments from the state council attended the forum .
gaozhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - on the afternoon of $date , jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , state president , and chairman of the central military commission , attended the meeting on the " three stresses " education for the leading cadres of gaozhou city of guangdong province and also gave an important speech at the meeting . jiang zemin stressed that the county ( city ) level occupies an important position - - linking higher levels with the grass roots - - in carrying out the work of the party and the state and serves a key foundation for economic development , social stability , and solid political power .
county ( city ) party and government leading bodies and leading cadres , standing in the forefront of reform , development , and stability , have direct relations with the broad masses of workers , peasants , and intellectuals and take on key missions of implementing the line , policies , and principles of the party in the urban and rural areas and among the grass roots .
thus , county ( city ) leading bodies and leading cadres should fully understand the importance of the " three stresses " education , study hard , conduct self - examination in an in - depth manner when conducting the " three stresses " education , carry forward achievements , overcome shortcomings , sum up previous experiences , give an impetus to the future , and contribute to the party and the state with a good mental state and more outstanding performances .
located in southwestern guangdong province , gaozhou is a county - level city ( shi ) under the jurisdiction of maoming city of guangdong province .
since the introduction of the reform and opening - up policy , gaozhou has made noticeable achievements in economic development and social progress thanks to the guidance of the party 's reform and opening - up policies and the arduous efforts made by the broad masses of the cadres and the people there .
on the afternoon of $date , jiang zemin conducted inspections in gaozhou , as soon as he arrived , in the company of zeng qinghong , alternate member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , member of the secretariat of the cpc central committee , and director of the central organizational department ; li changchun , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee ; lu ruihua , deputy secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee and governor of the guandong provincial government ; and liu shutian , political commissar of the guangzhou regional military region .
then he went to the gaozhou $number - mu litchi growing belt to inspect the agricultural development situation and also visited some peasant households .
on the morning of $date , jiang zemin heard reports by the gaozhou city party committee and government on party building and on preparations for conducting the " three stresses " education .
on the same afternoon , the gaozhou city party committee held the " three stresses " education meeting of leading cadres . over $number people , including town - level party and government leading cadres in gaozhou , attended the meeting .
jiang zemin pointed out that conducting , in line with the spirit of rectifying incorrect workstyles , the education on " stressing study , political consciousness , and healthy trends " among the party and government leading bodies and leading cadres at or above the county level with the focus on resolving conspicuous problems related to party spirit and party styles is one of the major measures that our party takes to strengthen self - construction in the new century .
the " three stresses " education is aimed at pushing the party building forward and further making ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the party to advance forward in the new century .
jiang zemin stressed that working in line with the tasks of the party for a certain historical period of time , upgrading the cadres ' ideological and political levels through concentrated study and education , and resolving the conspicuous problems within the party are effective methods that our party takes to strengthen self - construction .
historical experiences proved that the party building passes through the entire course which the party leads the people to fight ceaselessly ; it also provides powerful guarantees for the realization of the fighting goal of the party .
thus , the comrades who attend the " three stresses " education should thoroughly understand the essence , importance , and urgency of the education from the perspective of maintaining the long - term order and stability of the party and the state and consciously and actively dedicate themselves to the education .
in regard to the situation in which the standing committee members of the political bureau of the cpc central committee participated in the " three stresses " education , jiang zemin said that in $date last year , the standing committee members conducted the education mainly through self - study , made criticism and self - criticism with the focus on the latter and persistently in a gentle and mild way , and further intensified and improved their work by summing up experiences and drawing lessons .
through the education , the standing committee members all maintained that conscientiously summing up work , strictly conducting self - analysis , and conscientiously hearing the opinions by the comrades and the masses help strengthen the accomplishment and practice of party spirit , improve ideological and political levels , and intensify and improve work .
jiang zemin set forth clear requirements for achieving the " three stresses " education for counties ( cities . ) he pointed out that county ( city ) leading bodies and leading cadres should focus on stressing politics ; attach importance to firming up marxist belief and the belief of building socialism with chinese characteristics ; strengthen the awareness and resolution of comprehensively implementing the party 's line , policies , and principles ; firmly foster the concept of serving the people wholeheartedly ; strictly abide by all regulations governing democratic centralism ; and foster good workstyles of seeking truth , dealing with concrete matters relating to work , working with quiet hard application , relying on the masses , and carrying forward democracy with a view to discovering and resolving problems .
through this education , county ( city ) leading bodies and leading cadres should upgrade their awareness of " stressing study , political consciousness , and healthy trends " and be sure to noticeably improve their thinking , political integrity , work styles , and sense of discipline .
jiang zemin stressed that in the " three stresses " education , county ( city ) leading bodies and leading cadres should put in a lot of efforts to study the party 's basic theory and the documents required for this education , seek truth from facts , analyze both good and bad points of themselves , accurately use the arms of criticism and self - criticism , carefully hear the opinions of the people , and conscientiously conduct rectification .
in line with central requirements , the responsible comrades of the party committees of provinces , autonomous regions , municipalities , and prefectures ( cities ) should realistically strengthen the leadership over the " three stresses " education for counties ( cities ) , make unified arrangements , conduct inspection and supervision , sum up experience , and give different instructions to different areas .
meanwhile , each and every responsible comrade should establish contacts with one county ( city ) ; adhere to the important methods of leadership - - " analyzing typical cases , " acquiring experiences , and popularizing in all areas with the experience of selected areas - - ; and insist on the work methods of linking general cases with individual ones and connecting leaders with the masses .
the party committees at various levels should pay attention to linking the " three stresses " education with the promotion of reform , development , and stability in the current stage .
meanwhile , standing in the forefront of the education and with the heavy task of reform , opening up , and construction , county ( city ) leaders should firmly take economic construction as a center and carefully arrange and realistically and firmly achieve the work in all areas .
jiang zemin accented that $number $number years of $date is the most important period of developing the undertaking of the party and the people , as well as one to train the cadres at the county ( city ) level , to enrich their experience , and to bring their talents into play .
so we should fully understand our historical missions , meet new requirements and tests , and strive to make self - improvement .
the work of counties ( cities ) is the key to deciding whether or not the central line , policies , and principles and the central tasks can eventually be implemented in the urban and rural areas and among the grass roots and whether or not such tasks really be turned into the conscious action of the people .
only when counties ( cities ) achieve their work will there be a firm foundation of the masses and a firm social foundation for the long - term order and stability of the party and the state .
with heavy responsibility , county ( city ) leading cadres should unswervingly and conscientiously study marxism - leninism - mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
if the leading comrades of $number counties ( cities ) nationwide are all able to ceaselessly improve their ideological and theoretical quality or to comprehensively and accurately understand and implement the party 's line , policies , and principles , they will make great contributions to realizing and maintaining the ideological integration , political firmness , and organizational and practical consistence of the whole party .
a county deals with the work in various areas , such as politics , economy , and culture . so , county ( city ) leading cadres should study all branches of learning , including theories , modern economy , science and technology , laws , management , and history . only by so doing will they be able to achieve their work .
jiang zemin pointed out that unswervingly implementing the party 's line , policies , and principles to the letter and resolutely carrying out the party 's line , policies , and principles despite repeated setbacks are basic political demands on all leading cadres .
there are $number counties ( cities ) in china . each county has its own actual conditions . so , we cannot ask all of them to follow the same pattern in implementing the central policies and principles and carrying out the work in all areas .
only when counties proceed from their actual conditions and work closely in line with local practice will they realistically be able to implement the central policies and principles to the letter . in regard to the importance of the work of going deep to reality and the masses , jiang zemin said that in the face of plenty of tasks related to the urban and rural areas and the grass roots and having direct contacts with the masses , county ( city ) leading cadres should be keen in reflecting the feelings and will of the people .
to go deep to the reality , the county ( city ) leading cadres should share weal and woe with the masses , work together with the masses , always keep the well - being of the people in mind , realistically help the masses resolve practical difficulties , and be the close friends of the masses .
at present , the agricultural sector has entered a new stage of development , the agricultural sector and town and township enterprises are under restructuring , and the task for increasing the peasants ' incomes is very heavy .
meanwhile , state - owned enterprises are at the crucial stage of reform and development and confronted with heavy tasks of restructuring , asset realignment , technological innovation , and industrial upgrading .
under such circumstances , the leading cadres at various levels , especially the county ( city ) leading cadres who are in the forefront of reform , development , and stability , should be more aware of the masses than before , intensify the work for the masses , pay more attention to work methods , and be more concerned about and show more consideration for the masses .
the more arduous the tasks are , the more crucial the time is for leading cadres to test and enhance their wisdom , character , and morale .
the broad masses of county ( city ) leading cadres , especially young cadres , should have the daring to temper and test themselves and enhance their ability in the course of working for the masses .
all county ( city ) leading cadres should keep contacts most closely with the broad masses of the people ; enable the masses to reflect in a timely manner their opinions , complaints , and weal , and woe ; sum up in a timely manner the practical experiences of the people ; forward in a timely manner to the masses the policy decisions and arrangements of the central authorities , provinces , and prefectures ; and have the masses implement them . only by so doing will the county ( city ) work be more suitable to reality and become more impressive and will the work of the party and the state be carried out more smoothly .
jiang zemin emphasized that the transformation of the objective world and the subjective world is constantly two important tasks ahead of each and every party member and each and every party leading cadre .
the key to transforming the subjective world hinges on cultivating revolutionary character , improving mental outlook , firmly fostering accurate world outlook and accurate outlook on life and value , and firming up the belief in unswervingly fighting for the undertaking of the party and the people .
the leading cadres at various levels , including county ( city ) leading cadres , should persist in telling truth , work and behave honestly , and insist on self - respect , self - examination , self - vigilance , and self - motivation .
communist party members should further consciously strengthen their ideological accomplishment and the transformation of their own subjective world .
each and every leading cadre should think once again why he participates in revolutionary , what he should do at his leading position , and what he should leave for the later generation ?
as long as we accurately clarify these questions , then we will be able to behave justly .
communist party members build the party for the interests of the people and wholeheartedly fight for the interests of the nation and the state .
so , each and every communist party member and each and every party leading cadre should be honest in performing public duties ; work arduously ; maintain original pure character ; always keep lofty morality under the influence of money worship , hedonism , and out - and - out egoism and under the scene of debauchery ; consciously enhance their will and quality ; and actually maintain a sharp sense of integrity which communist party members should have .
also accompanying jiang zemin to inspect gaozhou and to attend the meeting in gaozhou were wang ruilin , member of the central military commission and deputy director of the general political department ; and some responsible officials of the central departments concerned , including wang gang , zhang quanjing , hua jianmin , you xigui , wang huning , and jia tingan .
chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan and his iranian counterpart kharrazi held talks in tehran on $date .
foreign minister kharrazi extended a welcome to the visit to iran by foreign minister tang and his party .
he said : iranian - chinese relations have solid historical origins and the two countries have made important contributions to mankind 's civilization ; therefore today we should continue to strengthen cooperation .
iran is of the view that no country should impose its own culture and civilization on other countries .
only by carrying out exchange and dialogue between all kinds of civilizations can a better world be created .
therefore , president khatami proposed dialogue between civilizations , and the international community has positively responded to his proposal .
foreign minister tang thanked foreign minister kharrazi for his invitation and meticulous arrangements for the visit .
he said : my visit is to further enhance the mutual understanding and friendship between china and iran and to boost development of bilateral friendly cooperation in all fields .
the " silk road " of the past brought closely together the chinese and iranian civilizations , the two great civilizations of the east .
the chinese government applauds and positively regards president khatami 's proposal on dialogue between civilizations .
china is of the view that only by stepping up cooperation and increasing exchanges between countries on the basis of mutual respect and treating each other equally can mutual trust between them be enhanced , can they seek common ground while reserving differences , and can mankind 's civilizations jointly develop and progress .
both china and iran are developing countries of asia and they hold identical or similar views on many important international and regional issues .
in the new century , china will be willing to make joint efforts with iran to continue to cement and strengthen exchanges and cooperation in various fields between our two countries and to endeavor to build long - term , stable , ever - developing , and friendly relations of cooperation between our two countries .
during the talks , the two sides also exchanged in - depth views on stepping up all - round cooperation in the political , economic , trade , cultural , and other fields between the two countries , and reached consensus on many issues .
foreign minister tang particularly gave a briefing on china 's economic development strategy on developing the western region of the country .
iran expressed its willingness to encourage iranian enterprises to actively take part in developing the western region of china .
the two sides also unanimously pointed out that stepping up economic cooperation between china and iran not only will benefit the people of the two countries , but also will contribute to stability and development in this region as well as in all of asia .
clinching shenzhen 's elevation to municipality directly under central government state president jiang zemin is now carrying out an inspection in zhanjiang , guangdong . people concerned believe that the fact that jiang zemin , who is also general secretary of the cpc central committee , made guangdong $number stop on his southern tour this spring shows that work in guangdong occupies a very important position in his mind .
it is reported that this southern tour of jiang zemin may be connected with the elevation of shenzhen to a municipality directly under the central government .
in addition , since the $date national people 's congress [ npc ] session is imminent , the attention of outsiders has also been aroused by whether this southern trip has anything to do with transferring guangdong provincial cpc committee secretary li changchun .
our reporter yesterday sent a telegram to the propaganda department of the shenzhen city cpc committee to inquire whether jiang zemin 's southern tour is connected with the elevation of shenzhen to a municipality directly under the central government .
the official was unwilling to release specific details , but just said that the matter has been discussed for a long time , and people will know from reading the press reports when the time comes .
according to reports , the time is now near for clinching the elevation of shenzhen to $number municipality directly under the central government ; this could happen this year or next , at the earliest .
since shenzhen holds a decisive position in the whole country in foreign trade and exports , the use of foreign investment , and indeed in systems and in science and technology innovation , a number of guangdong officials harbor resentment and are unhappy that the central authorities will take away this " tasty dish . "
according to reports , on this southern tour jiang zemin may very well console guangdong to help them understand the central authorities ' intentions and agree to shenzhen 's elevation .
possessing finance , hi - tech talent sources have revealed that early last year the state council groups concerned formally launched an evaluation of the shenzhen special economic zone [ sez ] . the evaluation report said that shenzhen now has the initial conditions for elevation to a municipality directly under the central government , including its economic strength , science and technology resources , transport capacity , and its hi - tech talent and so on , and is not inferior to the other municipalities .
according to reports , since shenzhen borders hong kong , and enjoys exceptional advantages in geographical location , while outstanding talent from all over china has gathered there , the state council departments concerned believe that if shenzhen becomes a municipality directly under the central government , its decisionmaking powers will bring about still greater prospects for its economic returns and for cooperation between hong kong and shenzhen .
if shenzhen is elevated to this status , its administrative setup will be directly subordinate to the state council leadership , and guangdong 's economic strength will be affected to a greater or lesser extent on account of shenzhen 's " independence . "
according to information , jiang zemin arrived to inspect work in guangdong the day before yesterday .
people concerned have stated that jiang zemin has always attached very great importance to work in guangdong ; when touring guangdong $date , he demanded that guangdong " create new strong points and climb one story higher . "
this demand subsequently became the goal in all work in guangdong .
according to information , during his stay in guangdong , jiang zemin will inspect the army , navy , and air force units stationed in the province .
according to sources , the cpc is now launching the " three stresses " ( study , politics , and healthy atmosphere ) at all levels .
jiang zemin 's southern tour is connected with his designation of guangdong as a guidance point for the " three stresses . "
it is his strategic consideration to designate guangdong as the point for specifically guiding the " three stresses . "
li changchun 's direction arouses attention in addition , since $number session of $number npc opens in beijing on $date , jiang zemin 's southern tour has also aroused the attention of outsiders regarding rumors of personnel changes . li changchun , currently member of the cpc central committee politburo and secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee , was " suddenly " sent south to replace xie fei before the opening of $number npc $date .
outsiders had previously favored li changchun for transfer to the central authorities sooner or later .
current rumors have it that li changchun may become a vice premier at the npc next month to share responsibility for the work of vice premier wen jiabao , who is reported to be in charge of developing western china .
li changchun was suddenly transferred to the south before the opening of the $number npc , and people are watching to see if he will suddenly be transferred north at next month 's npc .
cpc general secretary jiang zemin is scheduled to arrive in shenzhen by high - speed train today ; apart from inspecting the hi - tech industries in the shenzhen special economic zone [ sez ] and clinching the promotion of guangdong provincial cpc committee secretary li changchun , an important aim of this trip is to comprehensively promote the " three stresses " education drive throughout the party .
it is reported that this is the biggest party rectification movement since the cultural revolution , involving $number party cadres from the central authorities down to the grass roots .
according to information , the cpc central committee has decided that the $number party cadres through the country must take part in study classes to examine themselves , and also accept assessment by their subordinate cadres ; everyone has to pass the test .
at present " three stresses " examination work has been completed among cadres at and above the central ministry and commission level ; since the spring festival the seven members of the politburo standing committee have gone to inspect various parts of the country in order to spur the " three stresses " movement among cadres at provincial level and below .
beginning yesterday afternoon , workers of the shenzhen railway station were on the platform sweeping the building clean , and maintenance men were repairing the wall around the station ; the stored red carpet had also been moved onto the platform .
according to reports , jiang zemin and his party will arrive in shenzhen by high - speed train from guangzhou this morning , so the station must be cleaned and tidied up ahead of schedule . in addition the windows of all buildings from where the station is visible must be closed , and people are forbidden to open them ; the massage clinic in the station building has been notified that it should open at $number instead of the usual $number .
according to reports , after arriving in shenzhen , jiang zemin will $number hear a work report by city cpc committee secretary zhang gaoli , after which he will inspect some prominent hi - tech enterprises in the city and deliver an important speech to promote high technology as a new development orientation for the sez in the future .
after arriving in guangzhou , jiang zemin listened to work reports delivered by guangdong provincial leaders , and endorsed then and there the outstanding performance of guangdong provincial cpc committee secretary li changchun and shenzhen city cpc committee secretary zhang gaoli in the work of " building spiritual civilization " ; he also had a separate meeting with li changchun , and it is believed that he wanted to examine him personally in order to make the final decision on promoting him to vice premier of the state council .
accompanying jiang zemin in his inspection of guangdong are central organization department director zeng qinghong and central military commission member wang ruilin ; defense minister chi haotian is currently visiting shenzhen and zhuhai to inspect the liberation army units stationed in hong kong and macao .
on the eve of the presidential elections in taiwan , the air force of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] conducted a large - scale long - distance " land - sea - land " exercise for fighters in sea - crossing surprise - attack operations with the cooperation of the missile and anti - aircraft artillery units under the command of the pla $number artillery corps and the submarine unit of the pla navy .
it is reported that an air force division from the jinan military region participated in the exercise , which was conducted after the new year with a view to mustering the fighters of a whole division to engage in long - distance sea - crossing surprise - attack operations .
the exercise included sea navigation , and locating ground targets , which would enable the pilots to carry out their flying missions over the seas as well as they do over land , and use the weapons on their planes as well as they do over the ground . it is learned that the air force unit conducted troop maneuvers over the sea area in rainy and misty weather in which visibility was much poorer than in the past .
this time they adopted the long - distance " land - sea - land " training method with greater daring so that the fighter planes would still be able to accurately attack ground targets after carrying out long - distance , sea - crossing flights , and return to the land .
to make the exercise environment more realistic , the authorities mustered the anti - aircraft radar unit of the pla army , the missile and anti - aircraft artillery units of $number artillery corps , the submarine unit of the pla navy , and three other pla units to participate in tactical cooperation in the exercise , in which confrontational exercises were carried out , such as self - targeting as opponents , blockage and anti - blockage , surprise attack and anti - surprise attack , and jamming and anti - jamming , enabling the exercise to look like a combat exercise with live ammunition .
according to press reports , the air force conducted an air - to - air fighter - fighting exercise in the southeastern coastal area in mid - $date last year , where the pla launched $number new - type fighters to intercept eight " enemy " fighters that intruded into the territorial space in a hedgehopping way and , consequently , all the " enemy " fighters were shot down by the pla fighters ' missiles .
according to another press report , to improve the quality of its pilots and enable them to master the high - tech equipment that is developing and changing daily , upon the approval of the central military commission , the pla air force will enroll as pilots on an experimental basis , male students who are to graduate this year from the $number colleges and universities of science and engineering under the pla general staff headquarters and general armament department , the beijing military region , the air force , and $number artillery corps .
those who are lucky enough to be enrolled will become pilots holding double bachelor 's degrees in the pla .
after graduation , they will be $number to be assigned to key units of the air force .
an official of a department for work toward taiwan pointed out that adjustments of the taiwan policy on a " technical level " show that the mainland 's basic policy toward taiwan will not change and need not be changed .
the mainland 's basic taiwan policy is : pursuing peaceful reunification and " one country , two systems " under the premise of one china , yet without giving up the use of force .
the mainland side maintained that this basic policy has already been " conceptually approved " by some people in taiwan and " approved in reality " by some other people in taiwan .
the " conceptual approval " refers to the fact that some people ( including political parties ) on the taiwan island find the principle of " one china " totally acceptable and the formula of " one country , two systems " acceptable under reasonable interpretations . as for the concept of " peaceful reunification , " it is believed that an overwhelming majority of people on the island accept it naturally . " approval in reality " reflects an understanding of the tactic of " not giving up the use of force " and an acceptance of it as there is no other choice .
china will make minor adjustments on its taiwan policy because of the following facts : $number , the issue of national reunification has entered $number phase . hong kong 's return is $number phase , and macao 's return is $number . taiwan 's reunification with the mainland will be $number and last phase .
$number , lee teng - hui 's " two - state theory " further strengthened cpc leaders ' earnest hope that " an early reunification is better than a late one . "
$number , the fact that the united states keeps interfering in the taiwan issue has complicated sino - us relations .
the cpc may make minor adjustments on its taiwan policy in the following aspects : while primarily seeking the realization of political negotiations , if , however , the taiwan side proposes to tackle economic issues before political issues and to hold dialogue before negotiations , the cpc side will still accept that .
at the end of last year , the cpc mobilized all circles of society to commemorate $number anniversary of " jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , " indicating that the " eight - point proposal " will be the key political foundation for handling cross - strait relations in the future .
the " eight - point proposal " primarily calls for the realization of cross - strait political negotiations .
after taiwan 's new leaders take power , the premise for resuming cross - strait political dialogue is that the new taiwan leaders must be pragmatic , that is , must not pursue taiwan independence .
preparations must be made for handling different outcomes .
since the longer the reunification issue drags on , the more troublesome the issue will become , resolving the taiwan issue at an early date has become the consensus of cpc leaders .
in a speech made at a spring festival mass greeting gathering held by the cpc central committee and the state council on $date , premier zhu rongji made special reference to the taiwan issue and indicated that the taiwan issue must be resolved at an early date .
therefore , if the taiwan authorities act willfully and arbitrarily and delay reunification , the cpc will have no choice but to unilaterally announce a timetable for reunification .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - learned by our reporter from the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , the import - export operations right to china 's enterprises is being gradually transitioned from the examination and approval system to the registration system .
thus far , all the manufacturing enterprises and the scientific research institutes that meet the criterion have obtained the import - export operations right after registering with the authorities concerned in accordance with the relevant regulations .
as early as $date , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation began implementing the registration system on a trial basis among the manufacturing enterprises in the five economic special zones .
at the end of $number and the beginning of $number , this ministry instituted the system of putting on record the registration for gaining the import - export operations right among the country 's key state enterprises , large industrial enterprises , and their production - oriented member enterprises .
at the end of $number , this ministry issued documents on two occasions on implementing the registration system on import - export operations right among the state - owned and collectively owned scientific research institutes , the high - technology enterprises , and the manufacturing enterprises across the country .
currently , the production enterprises and the scientific research institutes with the right to operate import and export can be found all over the country and in all the national economic spheres .
this move has enabled numerous manufacturing enterprises and scientific research institutes to directly participate in the international competition , thus having helped expand foreign trade and export .
reportedly , $number foreign - invested enterprises that were approved to establish across the country have been automatically enjoying the import - export operations right since their inauguration .
for the time being , the commercial enterprises and the private enterprises in the circulation sphere are still required to get examination and approval for engaging in import and export .
a pertinent responsible official of this ministry indicated : while further opening up to the outside world and deepening the reform in foreign trade system , and based on the promises china made in the talks on joining the world trade organization , this ministry will accelerate the reform of the current license system on foreign trade operations , will gradually approach the practice commonly used in the world , and will eventually transition from the examination and approval system to the registration system .
the special administrative region [ sar ] government the other day submitted " $number draft regulation on law adaptation [ no $number ] " to the legislative council , which covers " adaptation work " relating to the four tunnels and the roads , and suggested that the word " crown " in the original law be substituted with the word " state " so that the hong kong - based central organs will enjoy the same immunity as the sar government in being exempted from purchasing $number - party insurance for their vehicles and paying toll when their vehicles pass through the tunnels on official duty .
originally , just as the government spokesman explained , such immunity is merely " cao copying xiao 's rule . " in the past , the british commercial representative 's office in hong kong had enjoyed these two sorts of immunity . now these two sorts of immunity will merely be " transferred " to the hong kong - based central organs .
however , such a fair , reasonable , and legitimate regulation was obstructed by a legislative council sub - committee responsible for discussing and examining it and failed to pass through .
sub - committee chairwoman margaret ng oi - yee held that the " basic law " states that the hong kong - based central organs shall abide by the hong kong laws and the sar government would " violate the ' basic law ' " by retaining such a colonial regulation and letting the hong kong - based central organs enjoy the " privilege " of immunity .
as for this , the sar government has reiterated that it will not give up its stand and will submit a new draft regulation to the legislative council for deliberation and examination later on .
whether it is conformable to the law and legal or tantamount to a privilege and " violating the ' basic law ' " for the hong kong - based central organs to enjoy immunity is a major question which must be clarified .
$number , it should be pointed out that the issue of whether or not the hong kong - based central organs should enjoy immunity is not just an issue on making things faster and more convenient . rather , it is an issue concerning the principle of sovereignty .
the hong kong - based central organs , including the liaison office of the central people 's government in hong kong sar and its predecessor the hong kong branch of the xinhua news agency , the foreign ministry commissioner 's office in hong kong , and the pla [ people 's liberation army ] hong kong garrison , are the symbols of the prc sovereignty over hong kong . on behalf of the state and central authorities , these institutions carry out work and perform duties in hong kong . therefore , whether or not they should enjoy immunity concerns such a principled issue as whether or not the state sovereignty should be recognized and respected .
one must not bargain or be vague on this matter . sar secretary for justice elsie leung oi - sie sent a message to the legislative council members on $date , calling on them to pass the draft regulation on law " adaptation " on an earlier date . leung explicitly stated : " unless clearly stated by the regulations or naturally implied that the sovereign power shall be placed under restrictions , all legal precedents shall not be binding on the sovereign power .
this principle has applied to almost all common law jurisdictions , such as britain , new zealand , australia , and so on . "
therefore , we 're now simply adhering to this principle . ... by introducing an " adaptation " amendment to the principle applicable to " crown " in the past and making it applicable to the sovereign power of hong kong sar , we will not 'pose a major threat to the rule of law . ' "
the fact is crystal clear that the sovereign power 's institutions had enjoyed immunity during the period under the british rule . it is definitely not a new thing that has come up since the handover and nor should it be construed as a " privilege " on the part of the hong kong - based central organs .
the fact is : should they refrain from exercising or inheriting such immunity , the hong kong - based central organs would violate the tradition of legal precedents in a common law jurisdiction and run counter to the basic law .
of course , immunity is a symbol of sovereignty and its concrete exercise should be correspondingly standardized in a reasonable way . for instance , vehicles which pass through the tunnels without paying toll should be marked " on relevant duty " whereas vehicles going for a " free ride " on the street for recreational purposes will have to pay toll . though the hong kong - based central organs enjoying immunity will not have to purchase $number - party insurance which concerns the safety of pedestrians , in case of an unfortunate accident , the people involved will still be able to claim compensation through other channels .
more than two years have passed since the handover , the hong kong - based central organs , including the " liaison office " and its predecessor the hong kong branch of the xinhua news agency , the pla hong kong garrison , and the foreign ministry commissioner 's office in hong kong have enjoyed no " privileges " on both big and small matters and nor have they done anything harmful or detrimental to the interests of the hong kong residents . this is a fact clear to the broad masses of the citizens .
though the garrison vehicles had a few small accidents , those accidents were properly settled and the garrison has never asked for special treatment or " bullied others with the backing of power . "
for instance , they have questioned about the military vehicles passing through the tunnels without paying toll ; passing through the customs check points without undergoing inspection ; or driving to the lantou island with the police vehicles leading and clearing the way for them . they have even questioned about jiang enzhu 's " identity . " isn 't it true that these people should think more of the word " sovereignty " ?
beijing has been so short of water resources that recently some media have , on behalf of the water resources bureau , spread the following news : if we are faced with another year of drought , it is likely that there will be no running water in your house .
in the view of qian yi , academician at the chinese academy of engineering and professor at qinghua university , the beijing water crisis has become so serious that it is necessary to consider the issue of moving the capital to another place .
has the grim " water crisis " in beijing reached such a point ?
a week ago , the national bureau of statistics announced that beijing ranks $number in china in terms of the general social development index .
as for why i should attach such great importance to the water shortage , i might as well list a series of statistical figures : per capita water resources in china as a whole currently stand at less than $number cubic meters , $number of the national average or $number of the world 's average , and much lower than the internationally recognized minimum water standard of $number cubic meters each person .
beijing 's annual average volume of utilizable water resources is $number cubic meters . judging from the existing facilities and management level , this does not come up to the requirements for turning beijing into an international metropolis and a city with $number - rate environmental quality .
during beijing 's water crisis $date , mass exploitation of underground water for agricultural use resulted in the development of a large funnel - shaped area , with grounds in the eastern suburbs subsiding .
even if the project to " divert water from the south to the north " is completed $date , it can only provide $number cubic meters of water . and the cost is so high that users can hardly afford it .
beijing municipality recently has gone into raptures for retaking the no. $number place in china in terms of the general social development index , but it is by no means unaware of the difficult problem of water shortage in the new century . it has just finished a " general report on planning for the sustainable use of water resources in the capital in early $number century , " which is not quite optimistic . under the blueprint framework , it has listed a number of countermeasures for dealing with serious water shortage .
yan changyuan , director of the beijing municipal bureau of water resources , told beijing reporters that even after a series of measures were taken , the situation in water supply and demand would still be very serious should there be an extremely dry year and should the dry spell go on for several years .
besides a serious shortage of water , beijing is also plagued by the problem of serious water pollution . only $number percent of its sewage has been treated in a concentrated manner . large quantities of untreated sewage flow into rivers and streams and seep into wells and tunnels . moreover , overuse of insecticide and chemical fertilizers has seriously polluted a lot of underground waters , as well as rivers and lakes .
the river courses at the lower reaches are mostly filled with super - category $number water substances , where basically no organisms can survive .
due to the threat of pollution , the beijing guanting reservoir stopped supplying drinking water $date .
the " general report on planning for the sustainable use of water resources in the capital in the early $number century " has named guanting reservoir as a reserve water resource in the event of an emergency .
however , it also stresses the need to speed up silt disposal and polluted water treatment .
last summer and during the spring festival this year , i went twice to hebei , which is the upper reaches of guanting reservoir .
my destination was the grassland above the dam and the huaxueling ski grounds . when passing through guanting reservoir , i was shocked by the polluted environment there - - a motorcade of open trucks , loaded with coal , ran along the reservoir , with coal dust whirling around . besides the reservoir , innumerable privately owned and operated small coal yards surrounded the lake , with coal ash blown by the wind into the water . on one side of guanting reservoir , adjacent to beijing , trees were green and luxuriant , while on the hebei side of the reservoir , it was a scene of desolation with yellow soil exposed everywhere .
if such an adverse environment in the upper reaches is not effectively controlled , no one in beijing will dare to drink water from guanting reservoir . if water resources and pollution cannot be effectively controlled , beijing is likely to face a genuine issue of moving the capital to another place .
for this reason , moving the capital to another place is not alarmist talk .
however , where should the chinese capital be moved ?
we may as well look at a group of statistical figures : of the $number organically assigned cities , nearly $number cities are short of water , including $number cities with serious shortages of water .
china 's cities lack $number cubic meters of water annually , with a daily shortage of $number cubic meters of water .
at present , the surface water that has become undrinkable due to pollution accounts for $number percent of monitored waters ; $number percent of underground waters are polluted ; and $number percent of people drink water from unfit water resources .
nearly one half of the river segment is polluted , and $number of the rivers have been seriously polluted for a long time so that the water has lost its use - value .
according to an expert 's estimate , the peak of china 's water shortage will emerge $date and $number .
with china universally expected to become a world power $date , it should not be " ready in every way except water " at that time ! if china 's development pace and dynamics , which have been maintained for decades , should be stifled because of water shortage , the people can only wash their faces with tears even though they feel extremely heart - broken .
at that time , except for tears , where can they find the source of life ? perhaps , the crisis awareness that has come into being and the actions taken now will be able to save beijing and china .
get into action at once !
president jiang zemin , who is currently on an inspection tour of guangdong , yesterday attended a " three stresses " meeting in gaozhou , in western guangdong .
" three stresses " is a rectification campaign currently being carried out by the cpc . informed sources have said that each member of the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee is responsible for a " three stresses " " point " of a locality , and gaozhou is jiang zemin 's " point . "
as a rule , official reports on state leaders ' inspection tours are issued upon the leaders ' departure from the places of inspection . because jiang zemin 's itinerary was revealed by hong kong newspapers , beijing 's central television , in its national news hookup program last night , broadcast a report on jiang zemin 's attendance at a " three stresses " education meeting in gaozhou , maoming , in western guangdong .
it was reported that the central security bureau and the guangdong public security department , which were responsible for security during jiang zemin 's tour , were very nervous , and all security personnel were not allowed to make contacts with the outside .
those accompanying jiang zemin during his tour of western guangdong included li changchun , secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee , guangdong governor lu ruihua , and huang liman , deputy secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee .
no one from the central military commission was with jiang zemin during his current inspection tour of southern china .
however , liu shutian , political commissar of the guangzhou military region , was with jiang zemin where he went .
the sources said jiang zemin may inspect the 4 2 d army in huiyang .
another source said jiang zemin planned to visit shenzhen . but , yesterday shenzhen was not seen to have beefed up security ; no one knows if the plan has been changed because the itinerary was exposed .
the passing of the taiwan security enhancement act ( hereinafter referred to as tsea ) by the us house of representatives on $date [ as published ] this year has led to china 's solemn representation and caused tension in sino - us relations once again .
in his news conference in washington , minister liu xiaoming of the chinese embassy in the united states pointed out that if the us congress were to pass this legislation , it would cause a consequence that would be far more serious than what was caused by lee teng - hui 's visit to the cornell university ; it would not be simply a matter of china 's recalling its ambassador .
what has infuriated china was the response from us senator jesse helms to liu xiaoming 's criticism that some us congressional members ' understanding of china is " only at the level of elementary school students . " senator helms angrily denounced the criticism , saying he was " stunned " by the remarks .
actually , an informed source in beijing has revealed that what liu xiaoming has said is exactly what was in the minds of china 's top leaders .
speaking at an enlarged meeting of the political bureau of the cpc central committee immediately after the us house of representatives passed the tsea , cpc general secretary jiang zemin and central military commission vice chairman zhang wannian issued a stern warning to the united states on this matter . they also made political and military arrangements to deal with the issue . national sovereignty takes precedence over sino - us relations the main points of the speeches by jiang zemin and zhang wannian are : the current sino - us relations are at a state of ups and downs mixed with normal exchange , trouble , and tension . america 's china strategy is essentially trying to obstruct china 's peaceful reunification through its control of taiwan .
the informed source pointed out : once the united states enacts the tsea into law , beijing will react politically , diplomatically , and militarily in substance .
liu xiaoming has clearly indicated that the reaction will not stop at the level of recalling chinese ambassador . what exactly will china react to it , then ?
tsea may lead to severance of ties experts on sino - us relations in beijing believe that china 's strong reaction should include calling an emergency session of the un security council [ unsc ] to present a motion condemning us military intervention in china 's internal affairs ; issuing a " letter to the whole party , the whole country , and the whole army " on the current situation and a war mobilization order to defend the motherland and liberate taiwan ; announcing military measures in the taiwan strait ; or even suspending [ zhong zhi $number $number ] sino - us diplomatic relations and closing chinese embassy in the united states .
by that time , it would not be surprising at all to see large - scale nationwide anti - us demonstrations .
as the new year begins , minister of information industry wu jichuan emphasizes here once again that following the separation of government administration and enterprise management , what government departments should be doing is not so much to give up the work of economic management as to change their concepts and approach by further strengthening the readjustment of the industrial structure , formulating investment plans and export policies , and paying close attention to macroscopic regulation and management , such as the formulation and introduction of relevant laws and regulations .
wu jichuan discussed the current major tasks in an interview with our news agency . he said : strengthening overall planning and formulating development strategies is an important duty of government departments .
- - efforts should be made to strengthen technological innovation , accelerate structural readjustment , and foster a number of enterprise groups and key product r & d bases with international competitiveness in key areas like microelectronics , software , computer and telecommunications .
he believed that as a $number - level government department , his ministry has the duty to provide a strong guarantee for the healthy development of the industry , and strengthening the building of the legal system and promoting administration by law forms an important part of this duty .
he said : at present , the " telecommunications regulations " have been submitted for review , the work of drafting the " telecommunications law " is being carried out in earnest , and the revision of the " postal law " and its rules of implementation as well as the " radio regulations " are under way .
to meet the needs of its accession to the wto , china will be concentrating on the drafting of the " regulations on foreign - invested telecommunications services , " " regulations on computer network and information safety " and other administrative laws and regulations .
wu jichuan said that efforts must be made to gradually develop business competition of different forms and at different levels in the sphere of telecommunications and establish a fair and effective framework of market competition through macro - control and the monitoring of market operations .
he said : our present priorities are as follows : we must improve the system of market access and strengthen the management of telecommunications by licensing ; improve the mechanism of coordination and adjudication and gradually establish fair and transparent rules for network communications ; strengthen the management of network access application and approval for telecommunications equipment as well as the management of number allocation , and fight against illegal operations and services ; gradually establish a scientific and reasonable fee adjustment mechanism , promote the sharing of network resources , and prevent duplicate projects . at the same time , china will strengthen the monitoring and supervision of fee collection , rectify non - standard price competition , and resolutely investigate and deal with arbitrary price hikes and service charges in order to standardize the market and protect the interests of the state and the consumers .
he disclosed that china was in the process of speeding up the building of a national internet switching center . the beijing internet center will be completed in $number quarter of this year and plans for the building of other regional internet centers are under way .
on the question of standardizing the market for electronic and information products , wu jichuan said that the departments concerned were trying their best to supplement and improve the rules and regulations for market management and rectify improper competition between enterprises , and were intensifying their fight against dumping , monopoly and smuggling .
he said : china 's entry into the wto is an opportunity as well as a challenge for the information industry .
as long as it has strong confidence and can positively and steadily carry out reform , china 's information industry will definitely be able to set sail and forge ahead .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in may last year , the cpc central committee and the state council issued a circular , imposing a strict prohibition on building facilities commemorating late leading comrades .
the center , the circular pointed out , has always emphasized using the glorious achievements and revolutionary conduct of revolutionaries of the older generation to educate cadres and ordinary people at large .
over the past years , center - approved facilities commemorating revolutionaries of the older generation have played an important role in educating cadres and ordinary people at large , especially young people , on revolutionary traditions and patriotism .
at the same time , the center has emphasized repeatedly that it is necessary to strictly control the building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades ; that necessary projects must be approved by the cpc central committee and the state council ; and that no locality shall carry out any unauthorized project without approval .
however , these central regulations still have not been satisfactorily implemented in some localities , and the phenomenon of unauthorized building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades has been becoming ever more serious in a few localities .
to resolutely stop the above - mentioned bad practices , the circular reiterated and issued the following injunctions : $number . cpc committees , governments , and cpc - member leading comrades at large of all levels should fully understand the important significance of the center 's decision to prohibit the unauthorized building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades .
our party is a party which serves the people whole - heartedly , and the nature and purpose of the party have determined that the party must proceed on the basis of promoting the people 's interest and aim to promote the people 's interest .
late leading comrades ' purpose of joining the revolution was to promote the people 's interest , instead leaving behind commemorating establishments showing their contributions after their death .
the unauthorized building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades is in violation of the original purpose of late leading comrades ' joining of the revolution and represents a shame in the face of the countless revolutionary martyrs who sacrificed their lives for china 's revolution and construction .
as per capita farmland is small in $number place , the unauthorized use of farmland , forest land , or even land in scenic areas for building tombs of late leading comrades not only constitutes a serious wasting of land and other resources , but is also a practice which is very irresponsible to the future generations .
especially , as our country now does not have a high level of economic development and has a poverty - stricken population of $number millions and $number furloughed workers , the practice of using large amounts of human , financial , and material resources to build commemorative facilities not only constitutes being seriously divorced from the masses , but also damages the image of communists .
comrade deng xiaoping , chief designer of our country 's reform and opening , devoted his entire life to the cause of the chinese people 's liberation and socialist construction . before his death , deng asked that his funeral be a simple one , that his cornea be donated , and that his ashes be thrown into the ocean .
deng xiaoping 's exemplary conduct of making immortal contributions to the party and the nation and simplifying his funeral built an eternal monument in the hearts of the masses of the people and set a glorious example for the entire party and the entire country .
in the two years and more since comrade deng xiaoping 's death , some localities have proposed to build facilities commemorating comrade deng xiaoping . but , members of comrade deng xiaoping 's family proposed to the center many times that no facilities commemorating comrade deng xiaoping be built .
respecting the wishes of comrade deng xiaoping and his family , the center has so far built no facility commemorating comrade deng xiaoping .
comrades of the entire party , especially the party 's high - ranking cadres and their families , should take the lead in studying comrade deng xiaoping 's revolutionary style , strictly observe the center 's rules and requirements , and never do anything which constitutes violating the party 's purpose or being divorced from the masses of the people . $number .
in the future , the building of necessary facilities commemorating late leading comrades will be governed by the cpc central committee 's and the state council 's unified overall planning and arrangements ; no locality or department shall make any application or report on this matter to the center .
the commemorative facilities which have been planned and arranged by the cpc central committee and the state council are to be built by the relevant localities and departments which have been asked by the cpc central committee and the state council to build the said facilities ; the said localities and departments must build the projects on the basis of strictly following the plans approved by the cpc central committee and the state council and must not increase the construction scales or go beyond the budgets without authorization . $number .
in the absence of the cpc central committee 's and the state council 's planning and arrangements , no locality or unit shall build or expand any late leading comrade 's memorial hall , memorial pavilion , monument , tomb park , tomb , statue , former residence , or any other commemorative facility .
planning departments shall establish no projects of unauthorized building or expanding any commemorative facilities for which there are no cpc central committee 's and state council 's planning and arrangements ; government departments of land administration shall not approve the use of land for such projects ; fiscal departments shall not allocate money for such projects ; and urban construction planning departments shall not include such projects in construction plans . $number .
late leading comrades ' former residences and places of work should be used normally and shall not be turned into commemorative sites without authorization .
late leading comrades ' ashes should be appropriately placed in accordance wit the relevant rules .
late leading comrades ' ashes which are in the babaoshan revolutionary cemetery of beijing or revolutionary cemeteries of other cities should , as a general rule , not be moved to other places for burial or placement purposes .
with regard to approved requests made by late leading comrades ' families to move the ashes to other places for burial or placement purposes , it is necessary to finish all such moving at one time .
in relation to such burials and placement , there shall be no use of farmland or forest land , no movement into scenic or famous areas , no establishment of any new commemorative facilities in martyrs ' cemeteries . the size of land used is subject to the relevant provisions of the funeral and burial regulations and the state council secretariat - issued civil affairs ministry circular on further enhancing the regulation of public cemeteries ( scs $number [ $number ] ) ; and there shall be no statues , evaluative inscriptions , or propaganda and reporting . $number .
cpc committees , governments , and relevant departments at all levels should uphold principles , persist in acting in accordance with the rules , and never give any unauthorized approval for or carry out any unauthorized construction of any commemorative facility because of personal relationships .
late leading comrades ' families and former staffs may make their requests known to the relevant organizations , but should never ask land or money from localities where the relevant late leading comrades worked during their lifetimes , by exploiting the late leading comrades ' previous influence and prestige .
if late leading comrades ' families and former staffs make inappropriate demands , the relevant localities , departments , and units should do a good job of carrying out persuasion work in a self - confident manner , advising them to strictly follow the relevant rules of the party and the state and to consciously maintain the images of the late leading comrades .
if some members of late leading comrades ' families or staffs reject the advice , pressure the localities , and obstinately demand the establishment of facilities commemorating the late leading comrades , such persons ' work units should seriously handle the cases .
no unit or individual shall gather funds , impose levies , collect contributions , or solicit sponsorship in the name of building or expanding commemorative facilities . $number .
commemorative facilities in scenic and famous areas or historical and cultural preservation zones which , in violation of planning requirements , damage the scenes shall be dismantled immediately .
the finished projects which can be changed shall be changed into other social , economic , cultural , or welfare facilities .
the main responsible official and directly responsible official of a unit which has used fiscal funds , raised money , or imposed levies for the building or expansion of any commemorative facility in violation of the rules shall be dealt with sternly in accordance with the relevant provisions of party and government discipline .
it is necessary to pursue the legal responsibility of the leader or directly responsible official of a unit which has diverted poverty - alleviation funds or other earmarked funds to other uses or engaged in other illegal activities in the name of building or expanding any commemorative facility . $number .
after receiving this circular , cpc committees and people 's governments of the provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities under direct central jurisdiction should immediately carry out a round of comprehensive cleaning up of their respective places ' projects of building or expanding facilities commemorating late leading comrades , register the projects one by one carefully , propose a plan of handling commemorative facilities in violation of the rules , make responsible reports on the issues to the cpc central committee and the state council .
the center will , at an appropriate time , send examination groups to urge and examine the situation of implementation of the spirit of the circular .
the late leading comrades discussed in this paper refer to comrades who held leadership positions of the provincial - ministerial level before their death , the circular pointed out .
in regard to the building of facilities commemorating other late leading comrades , the spirit of this circular should be followed where appropriate .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - today , the state council taiwan affairs office and state council information office issued a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
this white paper is comprised of five sections as well as a preface and concluding remarks .
the " preface " points out that resolving the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of china is in the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
over the last $number years , in order to attain this objective the chinese government has been carrying out unremitting struggles .
nevertheless , since the ' $date , li teng - hui [ lee teng - hui ] , leader of taiwan authorities , has gradually betrayed the one - china principle , vigorously implemented splittist policies focusing on " two chinas , " and even escalated to flagrantly advocating cross - strait relations to be " state - to - state or at least special state - to - state relations , " which has seriously damaged the basis for the peaceful reunification of two sides and endangered the fundamental interests of the whole chinese nation including taiwan compatriots as well as the peace and stability in the asian pacific region .
the chinese government has been consistent from beginning to end in upholding the one - china principle and resolutely opposing any attempts to separate taiwan from china .
the struggle between the chinese government and those splittist forces led by li teng - hui is mainly manifest on the issue of upholding one - china principle or creating " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan . "
therefore , it is necessary to further explain the standpoints and policies of the chinese government about upholding one - china principle to the international community .
in $number section entitled " the basis for the reality and legal theory of one china , " the white paper points out that the one - china principle was shaped in the just struggle of the chinese people in safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of china , thus possessing an unshakable basis of reality and legal theory .
all the facts and laws about taiwan prove that taiwan is an inseparable part of the chinese territory .
on $date of $number , the establishment of the central people 's government of the people 's republic of china was proclaimed , which replaced the government of the republic of china to have become the only legitimate government of the whole china and the only legitimate representative in the international community and put an end to the historical status of the republic of china .
this was a situation of new regime replacing old regime under the circumstance of the same subject of international law being unchanged . because it has brought no change to the sovereignty and existing territory of china , as a matter of course the government of the people 's republic of china can possess and exercise the complete sovereignty of china including the sovereignty of taiwan .
after the ruling clique of kuomintang retreating to taiwan , although its regime continues using the names of " the republic of china " and " the government of the republic of china , " it has no rights at all to exercise state sovereignty on behalf of china and in fact it remains to be a local administration on the territory of china .
on the day of its establishment , the central people 's government of the people 's republic of china proclaimed to governments of all countries : " this government is the only legitimate government representing all the people in the people 's republic of china .
this government is willing to establish diplomatic relations with governments of any foreign countries on the basis of equality , mutual benefit , and mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity . "
the principle of new china for establishing diplomatic relations with foreign countries is that foreign countries must recognize the government of the people 's republic of china to be the only legitimate government representing whole china and sever or not establish diplomatic relations with taiwan authorities .
the chinese government maintains and upholds that there is only one china in the world , taiwan is part of china , and the government of the people 's republic of china is the only legitimate government representing whole china .
it is exactly in the developments of normal diplomatic relations between china and foreign countries and the struggles for safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity that this one - china principle was produced .
the above - mentioned propositions constitute the basic connotation of this one - china principle with safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity as its core .
the just stand and reasonable proposition of the chinese government about upholding one - china principle have won the understanding and support of more and more countries and international organizations and this one - china principle has gradually generally accepted by the international community .
at present , there are $number countries which have established diplomatic relations with the people 's republic of china and all recognized the one - china principle and agreed to handle its relations with taiwan within the one - china framework .
in $number section entitled " the one - china principle being the basis and precondition for realizing peaceful reunification , " the white paper points out : $date the chinese government started implementing the guiding principle of peaceful reunification and gradually formed the scientific concept of " one country , two systems . " on this basis , the basic guiding principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " was affirmed .
this basic principle and relevant policies have fulfilled the basic standpoint and spirit of upholding one - china principle and fully respected the wishes of taiwan compatriots for being masters of their own destiny and running taiwan themselves .
in $date , while issuing his eight - point proposal regarding developing cross - strait relations and advancing the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland , president jiang zemin explicitly pointed out that " upholding the one - china principle is the basis and precondition for realizing peaceful reunification . "
taiwan issue is left over by civil wars in china .
so far , the cross - strait enmity has not yet formally ended .
in order to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realize cross - strait reunification , the chinese government have the rights to adopt any necessary means .
adopting the pattern of peace is favorable to the common social development on both sides of the taiwan strait and the harmony and unity of compatriots on both sides and should be the best pattern .
the announcement of the chinese government $date about implementing the guiding principle of peaceful reunification was based on one precondition : namely the taiwan authorities at that time upheld that there was only one china in the world and taiwan was part of china .
meanwhile , the chinese government also took into account that the us government who had been supporting the taiwan authorities for a long time also came to recognize that there is only one china in the world , taiwan is part of china , and the government of the people 's republic china is the only legitimate government of china , which was also favorable to applying the pattern of peace in resolving taiwan issue .
while adopting the guiding principle of peaceful reunification , the chinese government always indicates that using whatever patterns to resolve taiwan issue is the internal affairs of china and undertakes no obligation to renounce use of force .
undertaking no obligation to renounce use of force is absolutely not directed against taiwan compatriots but those foreign forces attempting to create " taiwan independence " and interfering with the reunification of china .
adopting the pattern of force will be the last option which have to be made .
as far as taiwan is concerned , upholding the one - china principle demonstrates recognizing the inseparability of the sovereignty and territory of china , which provides a common basis and precondition for both sides to find out methods of resolving their political disagreements through consultations on equal footing and realize peaceful reunification .
if this one - china principle is not recognized but attempts are made to separate taiwan from the chinese territory , this precondition and basis for peaceful reunification does not exist anymore .
as far as the united states is concerned , pledging to follow one - china policy means that they have to realistically enforce the three sino - us communiques between the two government as well as a series of promises made by the us side to maintain only cultural , commercial , and other unofficial relations with taiwan , oppose the so - called " taiwan independence , " " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan , " and refrain from obstructing the reunification of china .
otherwise , it has damaged the external conditions for the chinese government to strive for peaceful reunification .
as far as the countries in the asian pacific region and other regions in the world are concerned , the situation in the taiwan strait is closely related to the stability in the asian pacific region .
countries concerned all upholding the one - china policy is favorable to safeguarding peace and stability in the asian pacific region as well as china developing friendly relations with all countries , which is in the interests of the asian pacific region as well as all countries in the world .
in order to strive for peaceful reunification , the chinese government has repeatedly appealed for conducting cross - strait negotiation on equal footing and on the basis of one - china principle .
in $date , in order to seek a political basis for expanding cross - strait relations , the chinese government explicitly proposed to taiwan that before reunification in handling cross - strait affairs , especially in cross - strait relations , one - china principle should be upheld , which means upholding that there is only one china in the world , taiwan is part of china , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity are inseparable .
the chinese government hopes that on the basis of one - china principle , the two sides can hold consultations on equal footing to jointly discuss issues of reunification .
in order to strive for peaceful reunification , the chinese government has adopted a series of active policies and measures to comprehensively push forward the development of cross - strait relations .
in $date , the association for relations across the taiwan strait and taiwan 's strait exchange foundation managed in a business - like talk to have reached a common understanding and orally expressed that " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one - china principle . " on this basis , in $date leaders of these two organizations succeeded in holding a " wang - gu [ wang - ku ] " meeting .
and in $date , leaders of these organizations met in shanghai and started cross - strait political dialogues .
these discussions and talks were conducted on equal footing .
it is proved in practice that on the basis of one - china principle it is entirely possible to find out an appropriate pattern for holding cross - strait talks on equal footing .
in $number section entitled " the chinese government resolutely safeguards the one - china principle , " the white paper points out : since the early ' $date , li teng - hui has gradually deviated from the one - china principle and connived at and supported the so - called splittist forces of " taiwan independence " as well as their activities , thus resulting in the rapid development of " taiwan independence " forces and the spread of " taiwan independence " ideological trends .
under the guidance of li teng - hui , the taiwan authorities have adopted a series of practical splittist steps .
$date , li teng - hui 's splittist activities have further developed .
in his book of " taiwan propositions " published in may , he advocated dividing china into seven regions each enjoying " full autonomous rights . "
on $date , he flagrantly distorted the cross - strait relations as " state - to - state , or at least special state - to - state relations , " in an attempt to fundamentally change the status of taiwan being part of china , destroy the foundation for developing cross - strait relations , especially for holding cross - strait political dialogues and negotiations as well as the foundation for cross - strait peaceful reunification .
li teng - hui has become the chief representative of taiwan splittist forces , the destroyer of stability in the taiwan strait , the obstacle to the development of sino - us relations , and the trouble - maker for the peace and stability in the asian pacific region .
against all kinds of these splittist activities by taiwan splittist forces represented by li teng - hui , the chinese government and people have always maintained sharp vigilance and waged resolute struggles .
in $date , li teng - hui paid a visit to the united states in a so - called " private " capacity . the chinese government launched a decisive anti - splittism and anti - " taiwan independence " struggle and lodged a strong protest against the action of the us government openly allowing li teng - hui to visit the united states , which violated the pledges made by the united states in the three sino - us joint communiques and serious damaged china 's sovereignty , and solemnly and justly took up the matter with the us side .
this struggle has demonstrated the firm resolution and capability of the chinese government and people in safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity and produced important and far - reaching influences .
taiwan compatriots have also further understood the serious harmfulness of " taiwan independence . "
internationally , these splittist activities conducted by li teng - hui were also met with severe hits .
some of the " taiwan independence " forces have been forced to give up some of their extreme splittist propositions .
the international community has further noticed the necessity of upholding one - china policy . the us government has also explicitly promised not to support " taiwan independence , " not to support " two china " or " one china , one taiwan , " and not to support taiwan to join any international organizations which accept only sovereignty states .
after li teng - hui put forth the " state - to - state theory , " the chinese government and people waged more resolute struggles .
with reference to those activities by taiwan splittist forces attempting to implement the " state - to - state theory " through the format of approving so - called " laws , " those relevant departments of the chinese government explicitly pointed out that if this plot has its way , the peaceful reunification of china will become impossible .
this struggle has become so powerful and dynamic in a way that the chinese people inside and outside china have universally condemned this " state - to - state theory . "
most countries in the world have reiterated upholding the one - china policy .
and the us government also reaffirmed upholding one - china policy and its promise of giving " three no supports " to taiwan .
and the taiwan authorities have also been forced to express not to revise its so - called " constitution " and " laws " in accordance with the " state - to - state theory . "
in order to safeguard the interests of all the chinese people which includes taiwan compatriots as well as peace and development in the asian pacific region , the chinese government is still upholding the general principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " unchanged , still upholding the eight - point proposition put forth by president jiang zemin on developing cross - strait relations and advancing the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland unchanged , and still doing everything possible to strive for peaceful reunification .
however , if any major incidents of separating taiwan from china under whatever names happen in taiwan , if foreign countries invade and occupy taiwan , and if the taiwan authorities indefinitely rejects peacefully resolving the issue of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , the chinese government can only be forced to adopt every possible decisive measure , including use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and complete the great reunification cause of china .
in $number section entitled " several issues involving one - china principle in cross - strait relations , " the white paper points out : china 's territory and sovereignty are not separated and the two sides across the taiwan strait are not two countries .
firstly , state sovereignty cannot be separated and territory is space for state to exercise sovereignty .
on the territory of a single country , there can be only one central government exercising sovereignty on behalf of that state .
as taiwan is an inseparable part of the chinese territory , when the government of the people 's republic of china replaced the government of the republic of china $date to have become the only legitimate government of whole china , it has already possessed and exercised the sovereignty of whole china which includes taiwan .
although the two sides of the taiwan strait have not yet been reunified , the status of taiwan being part of chinese territory has never been changed . therefore , china 's sovereignty in taiwan has never been changed .
secondly , the international community recognizes that there is only one china , taiwan is part of china , and the government of the people 's republic of china is the only legitimate government in china .
thirdly , the fact that the taiwan issue fails to be resolved for a long time is mainly a result of the obstructions by foreign forces and taiwan splittist forces .
but the fact that the two sides of the taiwan strait are not reunified and the long - term existence of this kind of abnormal status cannot give taiwan any status and rights by way of international laws nor change the legal status of taiwan being part of china .
it is necessary to resolutely oppose applying the pattern of referendum to change the status of taiwan being part of china .
$number of all , this legal status of taiwan being part of the chinese territory has already been affirmed by both domestic laws and international laws and the precondition for applying the pattern of referendum to decide whether self - determination should be practiced does not exist .
secondly , " sovereignty belongs to the people " means that sovereignty belongs to all the people in a country but not just certain people or the people in a certain region .
the sovereignty of taiwan belongs to the people of whole china which includes taiwan compatriots but not a part of people in taiwan .
thirdly , as taiwan had never become a country in history and $date taiwan was neither a colony nor under occupation of any foreign countries , the issue of exercising the right of national self - determination does not exist .
in sum , after china recovered taiwan $date , there was never such an issue of holding a referendum to change the status of taiwan being part of china .
there is only one way for taiwan in the future , namely heading towards reunification with the mainland motherland but absolutely not being separated from china .
if anyone attempts to apply the pattern of so - called referendum to separate taiwan from china , it will surely lead taiwan people into disasters .
the " module of two germanies " cannot be used in resolving taiwan issue .
the split of germany after world war ii and the temporary detachment across the taiwan strait are issues of different nature .
firstly , the reasons for their formations and the nature of their formations are different .
the issue of germany was created entirely by external factors .
and taiwan issue is left over by the chinese civil wars and an internal issue .
secondly , the status 's of these two in terms of international law are different .
the split of germany were stipulated by a series of international treaties signed during and after world war ii .
and taiwan issue was stipulated by some international treaties like " cairo declaration , " " potsdam proclamation , " and so on that japan must return taiwan which it stole from china back to china .
thirdly , the existent conditions for these two were different .
against the background of confrontation between the united states and the soviet union , the two germanies which had respectively foreign troops stationed in their territories were forced to recognize each other and coexisted in the international community .
but the chinese government has always upheld the one - china principle and the taiwan authorities before li teng - hui came to power and even not long after li teng - hui came to power also recognized one china and opposed " two chinas . " and the one - china principle is also generally accepted by the international community .
therefore , the germany issue and taiwan issue cannot be placed in the same category , not to say indiscriminately copying the " modules of two germanies " to resolve taiwan issue .
under the principle of one china , everything can be discussed .
the chinese government maintains that the ultimate aim for holding cross - strait negotiations is to realize peaceful reunification and that holding negotiations on the basis of one - china principle is to ensure realizing the aim of negotiations .
therefore , as long as it is within the framework of one china , all issues can be discussed , including various issues with which the taiwan side is concerned .
the chinese government believes that issues like the space for taiwan conducting external economic , cultural , and social activities which are compatible with its capacity in the international community , the political status of taiwan authorities , and so on can all be ultimately resolved within this framework , through political negotiations , and during the process of peaceful reunification .
the so - called " struggle of democracy and system " is only an excuse for obstructing the reunification of china .
realizing peaceful reunification according to the pattern of " one country , two systems " and allowing two social systems to coexist across the taiwan strait without imposing itself onto each other can best embody the wishes of compatriots living on both sides of the taiwan strait .
the fact that the two sides practice different social systems should not become an obstacle to peaceful reunification .
moreover , the chinese government has also noticed the different features of taiwan to hong kong and macao , and after peaceful reunification is realized across the taiwan strait , taiwan can be more relaxed than hong kong and macao in terms of the content of " one country , two systems . "
the essence of disagreement between the two sides across the taiwan strait on this issue is absolutely not whether it is a struggle of democracy or a struggle of social systems but a struggle between reunification and secessionism .
in $number section entitled " certain issues relating to the international community in upholding the one - china principle , " the white paper points out : taiwan does not have the right to join the united nations nor any other international organizations which can only be joined by sovereignty states .
all the membership states of the united nations should abide by the aims and principles of the " charter of the united nations " as well as those relevant un resolutions to follow those norms governing international relations like mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity , non - interference in each other 's internal affairs , and so on and refrain from supporting taiwan by whatever patterns to join the united nations as well as other international organizations which can only by joined by sovereignty states .
as for some governmental international organizations which allow regions to join , on the basis of one - china principle and in accordance with the natures , charters , and actual conditions of these relevant international organizations , the chinese government can allow arrangement for the participation of taiwan by agreeable and acceptable patterns .
in $date , chairman of the general agreement on tariff and trade [ gatt ] council , the former body of world trade organization , pointed out that after the people 's republic of china has joined gatt , taiwan can also join it in the name of independent tariff zone of taiwan , penghu , kinmen , and matsu ( or " chinese taipei " in short ) .
in examining and discussing the participation of taiwan , world trade organization should uphold the above - mentioned affirmed principle .
but the above - mentioned special arrangement does not constitute a module for other governmental international organizations and international activities to imitate .
those countries which have already established diplomatic relations with china cannot sell weapons to taiwan nor enter into any forms of military alliance .
at present , some people in the us congress are even cooking up a so - called " strengthening taiwan security act " and also attempting to include taiwan into the theater missile defense system .
this is a brutal interference in the internal affairs and a serious threat to the security of china , which has obstructed the process of china 's peaceful reunification and endangered the peace and stability in the asian pacific region as well as the whole world .
to this , the chinese government resolutely opposes .
the chinese government applies one - china principle in treating the external activities of taiwan .
the essence of taiwan authorities vigorously trying to push forward the so - called " pragmatic diplomacy " in the international community and expand the so - called " international existent space " is to create " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan . "
as a matter of course , the chinese government firmly opposes to it .
meanwhile , in consideration of the needs of the economic and social developments in taiwan and the actual interests of taiwan compatriots , the chinese government has never had any disagreement with those non - governmental economic and cultural exchanges between taiwan and foreign countries but under the one - china precondition adopted many flexible measures to provide conveniences for the economic and trade and cultural exchanges between taiwan and foreign countries .
upholding one - china principle does not affect taiwan compatriots in conducting non - governmental foreign exchanges nor the needs of taiwan for engaging in economic and trade and cultural activities .
the chinese government protects all the rightful and legitimate rights and interests of taiwan compatriots in foreign countries .
the chinese embassies and consulates stationed in foreign countries have always regarded strengthening contacts with taiwan compatriots , listening to the opinions and demands of taiwan compatriots , and protecting the interests of taiwan compatriots as their own duties and tried to help them clear away difficulties as much as possible .
after the realization of cross - strait reunification , taiwan compatriots can share more dignity and honor of the people 's republic of china in the international community together with the people of all nationalities in the whole country .
in its closing remarks , this white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " points out : the $number - year - long chinese history and culture has deeply planted a very strong national sense in the hearts of the chinese people : namely , china must be reunified .
with the resumption of exercising sovereignty in hong kong and macao in succession by the chinese government , all the chinese people in the whole country eagerly expect that taiwan issue can be resolved as soon as possible , so as to realize the complete national reunification and that taiwan issue should not be allowed to be delayed indefinite any longer .
we firmly believe that with the joint endeavor of all the chinese people in the whole country which include compatriots living on both sides of the taiwan strait and overseas chinese abroad , the complete reunification of china will surely be realized .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee held its $number chairmanship meeting in the great hall of the people this morning .
the meeting decided that the $number meeting of $number npc standing committee will begin on $date .
chairman li peng chaired the meeting .
the meeting proposed that the major items on the agenda of the $number meeting of $number npc standing committee will be : to review a draft decision of the npc standing committee on strengthening the economic supervision work ; to review the draft agenda , the draft namelist of the presidium and its secretary general and the draft namelist of the non - voting delegates of $number session of $number npc ; to review the draft work report of the npc standing committee ; to review a report made by the credentials committee of $number npc standing committee on examination of the qualifications of the deputies elected in regular election or in by - election ; to review the relevant bilateral treaties and agreements submitted by the state council for review ; and to hear and review a report to be made by the state council on the situation of managing the cultural market .
the chairmanship meeting also heard a report made by the npc standing committee on its $number plan for reviewing draft laws ; and discussed the draft work report of the npc standing committee .
explanations and briefings on relevant topics were offered separately by he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee ; wang weicheng , chairman of the npc law committee and chairman of the npc standing committee 's credential committee ; and yu youmin , deputy secretary general of the npc standing committee .
present at the meeting were vice chairmen tian jiyun , jiang chunyun , zou jiahua , wang guangying , buhe , tomur dawamat , wu jieping , peng peiyun , hu luli , cao zhi , ding shisun , cheng siwei , xu jialu and jiang zhenghua .
china and the united states reached a " win - win " agreement last year in negotiations on china 's accession into wto .
this has eliminated the biggest obstacle for china 's " entry into wto . " starting this year , negotiations on china 's " entry into wto " have been further accelerated . us president bill clinton and wto director - general mike moore recently also repeatedly expressed that they will do their best to help china join wto at an earlier date .
signs have shown that it is hopeful that china can eventually join wto this year .
it is no doubt that china 's preparation for " entry into wto " will be a hot topic of discussion at the " two sessions " of the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] . deputies to npc and members of the cppcc national committee will show special concern for and make suggestions on advantages and disadvantages of china 's " entry into wto , " preparation work , and review and revision of existing laws , regulations and policies .
government departments and various circles in the society have gradually gained a common understanding in the impact of " entry into wto " : a short - term shock will be unavoidable , but judging from a long - term point of view advantages will be greater than disadvantages .
recalling the course of china 's reform , it is both a transition from a planned economy to a market economy and constant breakthroughs in theory and practice in line with china national conditions . now the reform work is in a crucial moment and the solution of various contradictions in deeper levels must depend on more thorough reforms .
the entry into wto will undoubtedly promote the deepening of reform of china 's state - owned enterprises and monopolized industries and improve the management and service quality so as to keep up with the general trend of china 's deepening reform and opening up wider .
china 's entry into wto will certainly promote china 's link with the world economy and strengthen foreign businessmen 's confidence in making investment in china . it will create a more stable outside environment for china 's economic development and help china realize the strategic goal of a sustained , rapid and healthy development of the national economy .
of course , " entry into wto " cannot bring all - round prosperity to china overnight . on the contrary , it will have some impact on the national economy and adversely affect certain industries to a certain extent . in the final year for state - owned enterprises to overcome their difficulties and under the difficult situation of finding new jobs for people who have been removed from their work places , how to make provisions for and formulate measures to meet the challenge of " entry into wto " will be focal points of discussion by deputies and members attending the " two sessions . "
after china 's " entry into wto , " china 's automobile , pharmaceutical , chemical , agricultural , and service industries will be faced with the pressure of competition in the short - run . the entering of foreign goods into china 's market will have some adverse influence on china 's national industries . however , there is not a single country going bankrupt due to " entry into wto . "
besides , china will adhere to the principle of having a balance of rights and obligations and join wto as a developing country . there will be a certain transitional period for some industries and fields .
during this period , china can take advantage of the wto regulations to develop , protect , and improve ourselves by accelerating reform , improving management , optimally allocating natural resources , raising the technological level , and strengthening market participation and capacity to cope with risks .
we should also see that china 's entry into wto can bring opportunities for our textile , light industry , clothing industry , machinery and electrical appliances industry , and other labor - intensive industries to develop their international market and extricate themselves from limitations due to discriminatory policies .
besides , " entry into wto " can enable china to utilize two kinds of markets and two types of natural resources at home and abroad to promote the escalation of our industries and eliminate backward enterprises .
joining wto is a game of taking part in a global economy and so the government and enterprises must observe rules of the game and meet our commitments as a member of wto .
in the mean time , npc deputies and cppcc national committee members will pay attention to reinforcing , adjusting and improving laws and regulations involving foreign countries , using law to guarantee the implementation of stipulations of wto and reducing administrative interference .
besides , formulating technological barriers is also one of protective means that accords with wto stipulations . recently , experts have repeatedly called for stepping up the research of technological barriers to cope with the entry into wto . more such suggestions will strike a sympathetic chord in the hearts of deputies and members attending the " two sessions . "
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the central organization department and propaganda department issued a circular today " on studying ' the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work . ' "
the circular points out that general secretary jiang zemin has stressed that strengthening and improving the party 's ideological and political work in the new situation is a major affair for the whole party .
attaching great importance to ideological and political work is a fine tradition and political strong point of our party .
over the long process of revolution and socialist construction , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin - - the three generations of central leaders - - have expounded on a whole series of important ideas regarding ideological and political work in light of the party 's tasks at different periods of history ; these are a precious spiritual treasure of our party , a concentrated encapsulation of the theory and practice of our party 's ideological and political work , and a powerful ideological weapon for strengthening and improving ideological and political work in the new situation ; they are of major guiding significance and must be seriously studied , profoundly appreciated , and actively implemented .
the circular points out that the central propaganda department has compiled " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " in order to help the cadres and masses to better study the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work , thoroughly implement " a number of views of the cpc central committee on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " and vigorously promote ideological and political work centered on education in ideals and beliefs .
the party organizations at all levels must regard the study of " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " as an important aspect of the party members ' and cadres ' study this year , include it in their plans , and make scientific arrangements for it .
the circular demands that study of " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " be combined with studying the original works , with implementing the spirit of the $number party congress and the spirit of the document " a number of views of the cpc central committee on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " and with the practice of strengthening and improving ideological and political work ; it is necessary to get a complete and accurate grasp of the their basic viewpoints and spiritual essence , and of the guidelines , principles , main contents , and ways and methods of ideological and political work .
the circular emphasizes that in studying " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work , " it is necessary to uphold the marxist study style of linking theory with reality , adapt to the demands of developments , research in depth the new characteristics , methods , and contents of ideological and political work in the new period , and truly find out some new things that have the nature of laws , to enhance the appropriateness and effectiveness of the study .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number meeting of the china - india joint committee for science , technology , economy , and trade was held at the ministry of foreign economic relations and trade (mofert) this morning .
shi guangsheng , minister of foreign economic relations and trade , noted : so long as the two sides make joint efforts , it will be possible for the volume of bilateral trade to double and redouble between china and india .
today 's joint committee meeting was jointly presided over by shi guangsheng and indian minister for commerce and industry murasoli maran .
present at the joint committee meeting were representatives from the mofert , the state economic and trade commission , the state bureau of metallurgical industry , the ministry of information industry , the bank of china , the state bureau of coal industry , and the tibet autonomous region . the indian side was represented at the joint committee meeting by officials from the indian department of commerce , ministry of finance , ministry of foreign affairs , department of trade , department of industrial policy and promotion , and the indian mining industry company .
shi guangsheng said : as two neighboring big developing countries , china and india closely complement each other economically . there are all the reasons and conditions for the two sides to further develop bilateral economic relations and trade on the basis of equality and mutual benefit .
it is known that major indian exports to china are aquatic products , iron sand , and cotton yarn , while major imports from china are organic chemical products , electronic products , coal , and cotton thread . the volume of bilateral trade between china and india for $number totaled about $ $number .
shi guangsheng pointed out : this trade volume falls far short of both sides ' needs and actual trade potential . so long as both sides make great , earnest , and concerted efforts , it is possible for bilateral trade to grow by a wide margin , double , or even redouble .
sharing shi guangsheng 's view , maran said : attaching great importance to developing strong and stable relations with china , and striving to expand the bilateral trade volume , the indian government hopes to strengthen cooperation with china in fields of common interest .
he noted : india welcomes china 's early accession to the wto and believes that china 's accession will not only help strengthen the world trade system but will also expedite the development of world trade .
shi guangsheng thanked him for his support .
he said : after china joins the wto , china and india will be able to cooperate within the wto and work together to build a new order of world trade .
on the other hand , after joining the wto , china will need to learn from india 's successful experience in taking the opportunities and challenges presented by wto accession .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - indian commerce and industry minister murasoli maran said here today that india hopes china will join the world trade organization [ wto ] as early as possible . he believes that china 's wto entry will not only help strengthen the world trade system , but also help promote the development of world trade .
responding to maran 's remarks , shi guangsheng , chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said : after china joins the wto , china and india will be able to cooperate with each other within the wto and make efforts to establish a new order of world trade .
after joining the wto , china will learn from india 's experience of success in meeting both the opportunity and challenge offered by the wto membership .
the chinese and indian ministers made these remarks at the $number session of the sino - indian technology , economy and trade mixed commission held here today .
shi guangsheng believes that it is possible for the bilateral trade volume between china and india to double and redouble so long as the two sides work hard together .
$date , the bilateral trade volume between the two countries was nearly $ $number , up $number percent from $number .
as of the end of $number , the agreed amount of china 's investment in india was $ $number . konka [ shenzhen konka electronic ( group ) company , ltd . ] and haier [ the haier group ] have already set up plants in india .
shi guangsheng believes that the bilateral trade volume is far from meeting the needs of the two sides and is way below the actual capacity .
so , he proposed that china and india establish smooth information exchange channels , vigorously develop bilateral trade , contract to do each other 's construction work , cooperate in labor service , promote mutual investment , expand cooperation in science and technology , and make great efforts to promote border trade .
maran emphasized that the indian government attaches importance to developing firm and stable relations with china , is devoted to increasing bilateral trade volume , and hopes to promote cooperation in the fields in which both sides are interested .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - yesterday , the taiwan affairs office of the state council and the information office of the state council jointly issued the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
the white paper is a proclamation that has further expounded to the international community the chinese government 's adherence to the one - china principled stand and policy , and is also a declaration on the chinese people 's determination to settle the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date .
after the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland one after the other , the settlement of the taiwan issue and the realization of the complete reunification of the motherland have entered a new stage .
at present , the chinese people are waging an in - depth struggle against lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory , " the international community has universally adhered to the one - china policy , and the development of cross - strait relations are facing new opportunities and challenges .
the publication of the white paper at this time has great significance to our continuous implementation of the basic principles of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " and the eight - point propositions on developing cross - strait relations and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland put forward by president jiang , to the compatriots on both sides of the strait in resolutely opposing activities conducted by the separatist forces in taiwan represented by lee teng - hui to abandon the one - china principle and to attempt to separate taiwan from the motherland , and to the international community in gaining a deeper understanding of the falsehood and danger of lee teng - hui 's " two - state " theory and in adhering to the one - china policy .
the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " has expounded and proved the facts and legal basis of one china , elaborated the emergence and basic meanings of the one - china principle , emphasized that the one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for the realization of peaceful reunification , expressed the chinese government 's attitude of resolutely defending the one - china principle , and explained the propositions on several issues in the cross - strait relations involving the one - china principle and the adherence to the one - china principle in the international community .
the main theme idea that the one - china policy is the basis and prerequisite for the realization of peaceful reunification runs through the whole document .
since the government of our country openly announced $date the principles " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " for taiwan , it has all along striven for peaceful reunification with the greatest sincerity and efforts .
adhering to the one - china principle in dealing with cross - strait affairs , especially in cross - strait talks , before reunification means adhering to the principles that there is only one china in the world , taiwan is a part of china , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity cannot be divided .
we have proposed holding cross - strait dialogue and talks on the basis of the one - china principle , not mentioning " talks between the central and local governments , " negotiating between the two sides on an equal footing and jointly discussing reunification .
with the prerequisite of the one - china principle , anything can be talked about , including the space for taiwan 's economic , cultural and social activities in the international community that are in keeping with its status , and other issues of taiwan 's concern .
if the one - china principle is undermined , the prospects for peaceful reunification will inevitably be threatened .
if any grave turn occurs in taiwan leading to the separation of taiwan from china in any name , if taiwan is invaded and occupied by a foreign country , and if the taiwan authorities refuse , sine die , the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiation , it will then be impossible to have peaceful reunification and the chinese government will only be forced to adopt necessary measures to smash the separatist scheme for " taiwan independence " and safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
at present , cross - strait relations are at a crucial moment .
the " two - state " theory cooked up by lee teng - hui has been condemned by chinese at home and abroad in one voice and finds no identification or support in the international community . the taiwan authorities have been compelled to state that they will not amend the so - called " constitution " and relevant " laws " according to the " two - state theory . "
however , the danger of the separatist forces in taiwan attempting to separate taiwan " de jure " from the motherland still exists .
what should be especially pointed out is that some people who have refused to give up " taiwan independence " even today have shouted " long live taiwan independence " on the one hand , and said they want " reconciliation with good intention , active cooperation , and everlasting peace " with the mainland on the other in a vain attempt to hoodwink the people with beautiful words and to deceive the taiwan people .
separating the motherland and seeking " taiwan independence " mean heading for war .
we believe and hope that taiwan compatriots , who choose peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait , can see through the lies and make a wise choice of their own .
some foreign forces who do not wish to see china reunified have gone further to intervene in the taiwan issue and , using pretexts of all sorts , attempt to sell advanced weapons to taiwan and sell or transfer to taiwan technologies related to the so - called theater missile defense system . some forces are attempting to concoct the " taiwan security enhancement act . "
all these situations remind us yet again that we must be highly vigilant , uphold the principle of one china , resolutely oppose " taiwan independence " and scheming by taiwan splittist forces , and oppose foreign hostile forces ' intervention in the taiwan issue and their interference in china 's internal affairs .
in order to accomplish the great cause of motherland reunification at an early date , we will continue to implement the basic principles of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " and president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , further develop cross - strait relations in a comprehensive manner , even more actively promote personnel exchanges and various exchanges in economic , cultural , and other areas between the two sides of the strait , and strive to realize " three direct links " across the strait at an early date .
we would like to , under the principle of one china , extensively exchange views with various parties , mass organizations , and personages in taiwan who advocate developing cross - strait relations , thereby actively creating conditions for conducting cross - strait dialogue and negotiations .
we hope and believe that the broad masses of taiwan compatriots will integrate their wish for peace , stability , and development with the prospect of striving for peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait , and join hands with compatriots on the motherland mainland to resist all splittist acts , including attempts to split the motherland and engage in " taiwan independence , " and realize the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
we hope the us government will faithfully abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and fulfill its " three noes " commitment with regard to taiwan .
we believe the international community will persistently adhere to the policy of one china and support china 's undertaking of peaceful reunification .
cherishing and safeguarding reunification has been a national consciousness deeply implanted in the chinese nation after $number years of historical and cultural development .
resolving the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is the country 's and the chinese nation 's great righteous principle , great cause , and great interest of a fundamental nature .
the principle of one china must never waver and the sacred goal of reunification must be achieved .
all chinese people at home and abroad must unite , uphold the principle of one china , and strive hard to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of motherland reunification .
hong kong , $date ( zhongguo tongxun she ) - - news from taipei : with the help of the mainland association for relations across the taiwan straits [ arats ] and accompanied by personnel of taiwan 's straits exchange foundation [ sef ] and the red cross association , taiwan police smoothly escorted back to taipei via matsu island on $date wu yung - yi and five other wanted criminals extradited by the mainland .
on the morning of $date , accompanied by the personnel of taiwan 's sef and the red cross association , the taiwan police arrived in matsu . after the personnel of the red cross associations of the two shores wound up the handover and identification procedures , the six wanted criminals were escorted back to taipei on the afternoon of the same day .
the six wanted criminals were : wu yung - yi , a $number - year - old man who had previously been convicted of a series of crimes , including injury to others , attempted murder , use of firearms , robbery , smuggling , and so on , had smuggled with a fishing boat some $number kg of amphetamine in collaboration with chiang a - sheng and some others in $date .
after the case was exposed , wu and chiang fled to the mainland ; li hsi - huang , a $number - year - old suspect who had previously been convicted of crimes like manslaughter , larceny , and so on , had been arrested by the mainland last $date while he was driving a boat from quemoy to illegally enter the mainland ; chou shu - jen , a $number - year - old suspect who had previously been convicted of crimes like drug abuse , injury to others , and so on , had fled to the mainland but was arrested by the mainland public security personnel last $date while he was taking drugs ; yang wen - lung , a $number - year - old suspect who had previously been convicted of crimes like gambling , document forgery , fleeing , and so on ; chen tien , a $number - year - old man who had previously been convicted of crimes like obstructing military service , smuggling , deception , and so on ; he yung - ming , a $number - year - old suspect who had previously been convicted of larceny .
$date , he fled to japan after being wanted for a larceny case and a bill deception case . later on , he traveled between singapore , thailand , the mainland , and some other places with several forged passports . last may , he was arrested in xiamen for using someone else 's taiwan travel documents .
wu bangguo , member of the cpc central committee 's political bureau and vice premier of the state council , on $date met members of the japanese delegation that has offered assistance in sponsoring the beijing international highway relay race .
wu bangguo welcomed representatives of the japan - china friendship association of tokyo metropolitan and chunichi shimbun and expressed gratitude to japan 's sagawa express for supporting the beijing international highway relay race $number years in a row . he also hoped the relay would achieve a complete success .
wu bangguo said : over the past $number years , the annual beijing international highway relay race has enhanced friendship between china and japan and has made contributions to promoting friendly contacts and sports exchanges among people of various countries .
he hoped the race would be held continuously in an even better way .
wu bangguo expressed his appreciation for japanese friends ' efforts to promote friendship between china and japan and hoped that friendship between the two countries would pass on from generation to generation .
at the request of the guests , wu bangguo briefed them the situation of the reform of china 's state - owned enterprises , progress in joining wto and other matters .
the beijing international highway relay race sponsored by the beijing municipal association for promoting friendship with foreign countries and the china track and field association started on $date . athletes from $number countries including china , japan , dprk , vietnam , russia and denmark are taking part in the race .
tehran , $date ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan and iranian foreign minister kharrazi held talks in tehran on $date .
foreign minister kharrazi extended a welcome to the visit to iran by foreign minister tang and his party .
he said : iranian - chinese relations have solid historical origins and the two countries have made important contributions to mankind 's civilization . today we should continue to strengthen cooperation .
iran is of the view that no country should impose its own culture and civilization on other countries .
only by carrying out exchange and dialogue between all kinds of civilizations can a better world be created .
therefore , president khatami proposed dialogue between civilizations , and the international community has positively responded to his proposal .
foreign minister tang thanked foreign minister kharrazi for his invitation and meticulous arrangements for the visit .
he said : my visit is to further enhance the mutual understanding and friendship between china and iran and to boost development of bilateral friendly cooperation in all fields .
the " silk road " of the past brought closely together the chinese and iranian civilizations , the two great civilizations of the east .
the chinese government applauds and positively regards president khatami 's proposal on dialogue between civilizations .
china is of the view that only by stepping up cooperation and increasing exchanges between countries on the basis of mutual respect and treating each other equally can mutual trust between them be enhanced , can they seek common ground while reserving differences , and can mankind 's civilizations jointly develop and progress .
both china and iran are developing countries of asia and they hold identical or similar views on many important international and regional issues .
in the new century , china will be willing to make joint efforts with iran to continue to cement and strengthen exchanges and cooperation in various fields between our two countries and to endeavor to build long - term , stable , ever - developing , and friendly relations of cooperation between our two countries .
during the talks , the two sides also exchanged in - depth views on stepping up all - round cooperation in the political , economic , trade , cultural , and other fields between the two countries , and reached consensus on many issues .
foreign minister tang particularly gave a briefing on china 's economic development strategy on developing the western region of the country .
iran expressed its willingness to encourage iranian enterprises to actively take part in developing the western region of china .
the two sides also unanimously pointed out that stepping up economic cooperation between china and iran not only will benefit the people of the two countries , but also will contribute to stability and development in this region as well as in all of asia .
yesterday , the taiwan affairs office and information office of the state council issued a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . " this is $number white paper on taiwan issued by the chinese government since the publication in $date of $number one , entitled " the taiwan issue and china 's reunification . "
in light of the changes in the international situation and the developments in the cross - strait situation , the white paper has more clearly delivered the following message to the international community and the island of taiwan : the chinese government will resolutely defend the one - china principle ; it has complete determination and capability to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity ; and it will never condone , tolerate , or remain indifferent to any plot to split china .
to safeguard the interests of the entire chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots , to maintain peace and development in the asia - pacific region , and given that there still exists a serious crisis in the present situation on the taiwan strait , the white paper emphatically pointed out : " the chinese government remains firm in adhering to the principle of 'peaceful reunification and one country , two systems ' ; upholding the eight - point proposal put forward by president jiang zemin for the development of cross - strait relations and the acceleration of the peaceful reunification of china ; and doing its utmost to achieve the objective of peaceful reunification .
however , if a grave turn of events occurs leading to the separation of taiwan from china under whatever name , if foreign countries invade taiwan , or if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , then the chinese government will be forced to adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and fulfill the great cause of reunification . "
as is noted , this is $number time that the chinese government has openly taken indefinite refusal by the taiwan authorities to peacefully settle cross - strait reunification through negotiations as a precondition for being forced to adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force . not only is this highly relevant , but it also has expressed the determination of the entire chinese people not to allow the taiwan issue to be indefinitely postponed .
since $date , lee teng - hui gradually has deviated from the one - china principle , advocating all sorts of separatist arguments and conniving at and providing support for the " taiwan independence " separatist forces .
under the direction of lee teng - hui , the taiwan authorities have adopted a series of measures toward actual separation . with regard to taiwan 's form of government , the taiwan authorities are seeking to transform taiwan into an " independent political entity " through a " constitutional reform . " in foreign relations , the taiwan authorities have spared no effort to carry out the activities of creating " two chinas . " in military affairs , the taiwan authorities have bought large quantities of advanced weapons from foreign countries and attempted to establish a military alliance of a disguised form with the united states and japan .
in ideology and culture , the taiwan authorities have endeavored to obliterate the chinese awareness of taiwan compatriots , especially the younger generation , and their identification with the motherland .
in response to the perverse acts of taiwan 's separatist forces represented by lee teng - hui , the chinese government and people have always maintained sharp vigilance and fought resolutely against them .
in the wake of lee 's visit to the united states $date , the chinese government launched decisive struggle in the diplomatic , military , and public opinion fields , thus dealing a serious blow to the " taiwan independence " forces . the international community has further realized the necessity of adhering to the one - china principle . the us government also has explicitly undertaken a " three nos " policy toward taiwan .
the chinese government and people have fought more resolutely after lee teng - hui cooked up his " two states " theory . the struggle has grown in momentum with chinese at home and abroad condemning the " two states " theory with one voice , and enabled the international community to strengthen its consensus on one china .
in spite of that , separatists in taiwan are still attempting to use the " legal " form or " referendum " to achieve their plot at separation . they are also scheming to undermine sino - us relations in order to realize their evil plot . to counter the plot of taiwan 's separatist forces , the white paper emphatically pointed out : there is no question of holding a referendum to change the status of taiwan as a part of china .
the white paper is also firmly opposed to the erroneous us practice of wantonly interfering in china 's internal affairs and threatening china 's security , such as selling arms to taiwan and cooking up the " taiwan security enhancement act . "
the principle of one china is the foundation of and precondition for achieving peaceful reunification .
to strive for peaceful reunification , the chinese government has , for a long time , adopted a series of active policies and measures in order to comprehensively advance the development of cross - strait relations .
from $number , when the separation between the two sides of the strait ended , to the end of $number , cross - strait personnel exchanges , economic cooperation , and trade advanced by leaps and bounds .
following the " wang - koo meeting " $date , the shanghai meeting between the leaders of the association for relations across the taiwan strait and the straits exchange foundation $date opened up a political dialogue between the two shores .
practice has proven that on the basis of the one - china principle , it is entirely possible to find a proper way to conduct cross - strait negotiations on an equal basis .
the white paper stresses : as the chinese government has resumed the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong and macao , the people of the whole country are eager to resolve the taiwan issue at an early date and to realize the total reunification of the motherland .
the smooth reunification of hong kong and macao with china and the successful implementation of " one country , two systems " have fully proven that the principle of " one country , two systems " has strong vitality and is wholly suitable for taiwan .
the white paper also stresses : taiwan may apply a looser form of the " one country , two systems " principle than hong kong and macao .
we hope that more taiwan compatriots will come to hong kong and macao to have a look and personally experience the rationality and feasibility of the " one country , two systems " principle .
the $number - year - long history and culture of the chinese nation has profoundly implanted strong national awareness in the hearts of the chinese , namely , china must be reunified .
the principle and stand of the chinese government and people , as openly declared in the white paper , is precisely a firm expression of such national awareness . it is also an irreversible trend of history that china will realize total reunification .
a fresh round of sino - european union [ eu ] talks on china 's wto accession will be held this morning in beijing .
if the talks proceed smoothly , eu trade commissioner pascal lamy will fly to beijing later in the week for the signing of an accord .
today 's talks will take place at the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation [ moftec ] .
the chinese delegation has been headed by moftec vice minister long yongtu , while its eu counterpart has been led by eu trade commissioner lamy .
the negotiations are technical - level consultations .
in the previous round of technical talks , china and the eu had reached an agreement on most of the issues related to market access , but differences remained on the opening of the automobile and insurance markets , service trade , and tariffs on nearly $number categories of commodities .
it is understood that the eu asking price for market opening in these areas is higher than that of the united states .
the two sides are to discuss these crucial issues in the upcoming talks .
experts here are generally optimistic about the sino - eu agreement on china 's wto accession , holding that it is very likely to be reached this week .
following its mid - $date wto deal with the united states and the removal of the main obstacles , china reached bilateral agreements with canada , australia , brazil , and many other countries .
apart from the eu , china has to reach bilateral accords with $number other countries , including argentina , columbia , venezuela , india , and malaysia .
among the remaining negotiating partners , the eu evidently will be a major obstacle .
in a meeting on $date with the visiting wto director - general , mike moore , chinese state council premier zhu rongji expressed the hope that there would be " breakthrough progress " in the forthcoming sino - eu talks .
yesterday morning jiang zemin arrived at shenzhen 's new hi - tech garden , a zone built for developing hi - technology , for an inspection .
according to well - informed sources in financial circles , a " major reshuffle " involving $number senior officials is to be carried out soon .
the sources told our reporters that on the eve of the " two sessions " of the npc and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , it is a rare occurrence for the central authorities to carry out a " major reshuffle " in financial circles .
it is beyond expectation for such sudden personnel changes to take place in the four major banks ( the bank of china , china construction bank , industrial and commercial bank of china , and china agricultural development bank ) .
it has been learned that the purpose of the central authorities in conducting the above - mentioned major reshuffle is to inject new vigor into financial circles , and that the reshuffle is also directly connected with the economic problems of some of the present presidents of those four major banks .
wang xuebing , chairman of the bank of china , has cancelled his plan to come to hong kong this week . liu jinbao , general manager of the bank of china group , suddenly returned to beijing .
liu mingkang , chairman of the everbright group , will replace wang xuebing and become acting president of the bank of china .
shang fulin , vice governor of the people 's bank of china , will replace he linxiang and become president of the agricultural bank of china .
jiang jianqing , executive vice president of the industrial and commercial bank of china , will be promoted to president of the bank .
wu xiaoling , president of the shanghai branch of the people 's bank of china , will be promoted to vice governor of the central bank .
we convey our warm congratulations to honored advanced counties , advanced collectives and advanced and model workers .
it also shows the broad masses of cultural workers ' spiritual outlook characterized by their unity , their persistence and their unselfish contributions in the past $number years . it is a review of the whole country 's cultural work in recent years . culturally advanced models are pioneers in the development of our country 's cultural causes . cadres and masses of culturally advanced counties commended at this conference treat cultural construction as a nationwide necessity and a development strategy .
local cultural infrastructures and cultural environment show obvious improvements .
local cultural and art levels have risen significantly . local masses ' cultural lives have become abundant . in addition , cultural improvements greatly promote the comprehensive development of local economies and societies . some of the culturally advanced collectives commended at the conference are art performance troupes which persist in reform of their cultural system , attach importance to their cultural personnel construction , go deep into the grassroots , work for the masses and create and show culturally high - level plays and performances .
in the process of developing socialist cultural causes , these culturally advanced counties , collectives and individuals have a strong sense of responsibility and dedication . they devote themselves to cultural construction in a positive way . they unceasingly improve their ability to adapt to the market economy system . they are opening a new field for the development of cultural causes .
the experience created by and the pioneering spirit shown by these culturally advanced examples are the motivation and spiritual pillar for the further development of our country 's cultural causes .
we must promote their spirit and experience into the whole cultural front . we must unfold vigorous campaigns of promoting advanced people , learning from advanced people and competing with each other to become advanced people . we must study advanced people 's emphases on study , politics and honesty and their high degree of political consciousness for maintaining unity with the party central committee in their thoughts and actions on their own initiatives . we must study advanced people 's lofty morality of working diligently and contributing unselfishly .
we must study their excellent working styles of going deep into the grassroots , keeping links with the masses , being united and cooperating with others . we must trigger the innovative spirit and working drive of the broad masses of cultural workers .
now it is at the turn of centuries and millennia . in the great era of building socialism with chinese characteristics , we have much to do in our cultural work .
let 's hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory and closely rally around the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core . let 's conscientiously implement the strategies and policies of the party and the country on cultural work . let 's further strengthen our sense of mission , responsibility and urgency . let 's do all we can to make the country prosperous and make certain achievements .
the present is a critical moment for the settlement of the taiwan issue , for it faces at one time an opportunity for reunification and a challenge of separation .
it is precisely at such a moment that the mainland side makes clear , in the form of a statement , that the taiwan issue has to be settled on the basis of the one - china principle . this not only serves to show the firm determination of the mainland side on the reunification issue , but also reflects the fact that cross - strait relations have not enjoyed much room for maneuvering ever since lee teng - hui dished out his " two - state theory . " professor su ge of the institute of diplomacy pointed out today , in an exclusive interview with these reporters , on the chinese mainland 's recent release of a white paper on the taiwan issue .
wang sheng , research fellow of the institute of taiwan studies under the chinese academy of social sciences , also pointed out that the statement " without the principle of 'one china , ' one cannot start to talk about peaceful reunification " serves as the core idea of the newly released white paper .
sending a severe warning to forces advocating taiwan independence the newly released white paper has made a concentrated , accurate , and penetrating exposition on the principle of " one china " and has pointed out in clear - cut terms the harmful consequences that the " two - state theory " and moves to forsake the principle of " one china " may cause for both the peace on the taiwan sea and peaceful reunification across the strait , wang sheng further stressed . this is a more severe warning to the taiwan authorities against their deviation from the principle of " one china " ; and the purpose of the warning is to maintain a health growth in cross - strait relations , and to safeguard the future prospects of a peaceful reunification across the strait .
professor dai wenbin , research fellow of the institute of taiwan studies under the chinese academy of social sciences , used an eight - character phrase of " preventing further delay and propelling progress " to sum up the special significance of the newly released white paper .
he believed : the fact that the central government chose to release the white paper on the taiwan issue shortly after the spring festival of china 's traditional year of dragon has showed both the determination and the sense of urgency of the chinese mainland in pushing forward the process of peaceful reunification across the strait following the successive returns of hong kong and macao to the embrace of the motherland .
according to professor su ge , the fact that the mainland side has once again released a government statement on the taiwan issue after an interval of seven years has made clear the following : $number , our adherence to the one - china principle and the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " remains unchanged under the new international situation ; $number , the chinese mainland is ready to hold discussions and consultations on an equal footing with all political parties , bodies , and people from all circles of the society that uphold the one - china principle ; and $number , the mainland side must get itself prepared for safeguarding the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity by all possible means .
this is an issue which should not be evaded , for a long delay may give rise to unforeseen changes an expert on the china - us relations and the taiwan issue for many years , su ge pointed out : the taiwan issue is a political problem that has been left over to the chinese people by $date . as the bell of $date is ringing , history has pushed the taiwan issue to a critical stage at which it cannot and should not be evaded any longer ; and the chinese people on both sides of the taiwan straits will have to face the key issue of whether they want to realize a peaceful reunification or resort to arms ; and whether they should seize the present historical opportunity and break the deadlock or delay the solution of the issue and allow unforeseen changes to take place .
during the exclusive interview with these reporters , professor dai wenbin also indicated : the " three if 's " mentioned in the white paper on a non - peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue has exactly " smashed the three illusions of the taiwan authorities . "
their $number illusion is to rely on the support of foreign forces and advocate taiwan independence ; their $number illusion is to reject the principled stand of " one china " by disguising the " two - state theory " as a so - called " common will of the public " ; and their $number illusion is to delay the solution of the issue and allow unforeseen changes to take place on the excuse of pursuing neither a policy of reunification nor a policy of independence .
according to professor su ge , in comparison with the white paper on the taiwan issue released $date , today 's white paper has made a clearer exposition of the " one - china " principle ; carried a more penetrating analysis of the harmful consequences that taiwan independence may cause for cross - strait relations ; provided a more specific explanation for the several major aspects of our bid to promote a cross - strait reunification , including international relations and cross - strait economic and trade exchanges ; and has given a more explicit definition to the concrete measures that are designed for pushing forward the process of peaceful reunification .
wang sheng , an expert on the taiwan issue , noted that through the release of the white paper , the chinese government has given a choice to the taiwan authorities : if they give up the " two - state theory " and return to the principled stand of " one china , " the two sides of the taiwan straits can surely advance towards a peaceful reunification ; on the contrary , if they choose to stick to the " two - state theory , " further engage themselves in the formulation of a " taiwan basic law , " and completely deviate from the " one - china " principle , then new considerations have to be made on the means of settling the taiwan issue .
speaking of some people in taiwan who consider the newly released white paper as " striking up the same old tune , " wang sheng pointed out that these people have failed to grasp the true essence of the white paper .
this expert indicated : there has always been a divergence of views between the two sides of the taiwan straits on the connotation of " one china . "
so long as the taiwan authorities can return to the principled stand of " one china , " we will not demand the taiwan authorities to totally agree to the explanation that the mainland motherland has given to the basic connotation of " one china . "
to reach a consensus on the " one - china " principle , the two sides can seek common ground on major issues while reserving differences on minor points , build up a new consensus on the basis of the " one - china " principle , and completely forsake the " two - state theory . " this is the only correct way we should take in our future efforts to promote the growth of cross - strait relations , and is also the foundation for the two sides of the strait to rebuild a peaceful reunification .
no one is allowed to deviate from the " one - china " principle professor dai wenbin also noted : by comparing the two white papers , one can see that the $number white paper mainly elaborated the origin and facts of the taiwan issue , as well as our principles and policies for the settlement of the taiwan issue ; while the newly released white paper has placed its focus on the connotation of one china , stressed the absolute need for safeguarding the one - china principle , and has highlighted the inviolability of the one - china principle .
professor su ge further pointed out : the one - china principle is a principle that the chinese government and chinese people have long been safeguarding with resolute and firm efforts .
on the issue of realizing a peaceful reunification across the strait , the leaders of our party of three generations have upheld a totally consistent stand on the one - china principle , despite the different historical periods they are in and the different focuses of the relevant principles and policies they are pursuing .
in recent years , the mainland motherland has further stepped up its effort to gradually improve its work towards the realization of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " ; given full considerations to the status quo , and to the interests of all sides , across the strait ; upheld a principled stand and adopted flexible measures at the same time ; and has devoted active efforts to exploring a " taiwan model " which is more flexible than both the " hong kong model " and the " macao model . "
professor wang sheng also pointed out during the exclusive interview : it was exactly based on the prerequisite of an adherence to the " one - china " principle by the taiwan authorities that the chinese government put forward the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " $date .
$date when the taiwan authorities showed signs of a deviation from the " one - china " principle , the mainland motherland heightened its vigilance .
in his " eight - point proposal , " president jiang pointed out in $number place that " the one - china principle serves as both the foundation and prerequisite for the realization of a peaceful reunification across the strait " ; meanwhile , he warned the taiwan authorities not to deviate from the " one - china " principle .
however , the taiwan authorities turned a deaf ear to the warning and have gone so far as to dish up the " two - state theory . " all this has caused damage to cross - strait relations and has constituted a challenge to the principle of " peaceful reunification . "
professor su ge summed up at the end of the interview : only when a peaceful reunification is brought true by means of " one country , two systems " on the basis of the one - china principle , which tallies with the interests of all sides across the strait , can a correct common denominator possibly be found to the maximum for the interests of the people on both sides of the taiwan straits .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - china 's state council taiwan affairs office and the information office released today a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . " it points out that the principle of one china is the cornerstone of the chinese government 's taiwan policy . if the taiwan side denies the principle of one china and plots to separate taiwan from china , then it is impossible to resolve the taiwan issue in a peaceful manner .
the white paper set forth three prerequisites for the use of force .
they are , when events occur leading to the separation of taiwan from china in any name , when taiwan is invaded and occupied by foreign countries , or when the taiwan authorities refuse , sine die , the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations beijing - based taiwan experts noticed that this is $number time for the chinese government to openly announce that if taiwan authorities refuse , sine die , peace talks , the action will constitute a prerequisite for the use of force .
experts held that taiwan 's lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] has by - and - by led taiwan toward separation since $date , and trotted out the " two - state theory " before stepping down , which was a vain attempt to control taiwan authorities ' future policy direction and a refusal to conduct cross - strait peace talks under the principle of one china .
the white paper announces that if taiwan refuses , sine die , to participate in peace talks , then that is a prerequisite for the use of force , and rightly so .
political figures in beijing , in responding to the questions of xinhua reporters , pointed out that lee teng - hui 's trotting out the " two - state theory " has damaged the foundation for peaceful cross - strait reunification , and yielded very bad influences , so it is necessary for the chinese government to expound on china 's one - china stance and policy to the international community in an appropriate way .
on the other hand , it also serves as a signal telling the contenders running for the leadership of taiwan that defining cross - strait relations by basing them on the " two - state theory " and sabotaging the reunification of the motherland will be resolutely opposed .
people in the political circle reiterated : $number , the chinese government has been consistent in upholding a positive and sincere attitude in the drive of peacefully resolving the taiwan issue .
$number , the basic meaning of one china has never been changed , that is , there is only one china in the world , taiwan is a part of china , and the prc government is the sole legal government representing all of china .
$number , the chinese government announced the principle of peaceful reunification only because the then - taiwan authorities also insisted that there is only one china in the world and taiwan is a part of china .
if the current taiwan authorities gives up the principle of one china , engage in the so - called " two - state theory , " refuses , sine die , to participate in peace talks , peaceful reunification will then be impossible , and the chinese government will be forced to use force to realize the reunification of the motherland .
$number , the chinese government announced the principle of peaceful reunification under the consideration of a better external environment at that time , where the united states established ties with china , signed three joint communiques , and admitted the principle of one china .
however , although the joint communiques were signed , the united states has been repeatedly violating the communiques and continuously sold advanced weapons to taiwan .
currently , in the us congress , some people are concocting the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act , " and attempting to include taiwan in the theater missile defense system .
the moves of the united states are not advantageous to china 's cause of resolving the taiwan issue in a peaceful manner .
$number , under the principle of one china , any questions can be discussed .
taiwan 's international space compatible with its status and the political status of the taiwan authorities can all be discussed .
$number , any attempt to separate taiwan from china through a so - called referendum would only lead the taiwan people to disaster .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the people 's liberation army [ pla ] general political department recently issued a circular calling on the whole army and the armed police force to conscientiously study the book on " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping and jiang zemin on ideological and political work . "
the circular states : the important expositions on ideological and political work given by the party 's leadership core of three generations were formed , enriched and developed in the practice of the long - term struggle of china 's revolution and development and in the great social transformation of reform , opening up and development of the socialist market economy . they reflect in a concentrated way the basic theories and experiences of our party and army in ideological and political work and constitute a scientific guide for strengthening and improving ideological and political work under the new historical conditions .
conscientiously studying , researching and publicizing these important expositions is of major and profound significance in strengthening and improving the army 's ideological and political work , ensuring the party 's absolute leadership over the army , and promoting the cross - century development of our army construction and reform .
the party committees and government organs at all levels should regard organizing the study of the important expositions given by the leadership core of the three generations as one of the important tasks and grasp them firmly and well .
the book on the " expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " should be regarded as the basic teaching materials , fitted into the theoretical study for party committees at and above the regimental level and into the political education for the pla units , and included in the political theoretical classes and study of colleges and universities . the people should be organized to conscientiously study it . leading cadres , especially political cadres , should take the lead in studying and understanding these expositions well .
the circular calls for combining the study of the important expositions given by the leadership core of the three generations with the in - depth implementation of the cpc central committee 's " opinions on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " and the " decision on some issues concerning the army 's ideological and political construction under the conditions of reform , opening up and development of the socialist market economy " endorsed by the cpc central committee .
we should realistically give priority to ideological and political work in the army 's various development fields , and persist in attaining higher standards and setting stricter demands in ideological and political work .
we should deeply summarize and absorb experiences and lessons from the struggles in the ideological and political field , study and come forward with specific measures for strengthening and improving ideological and political work and grasp them with earnest efforts .
we should actively explore the characteristics and laws for strengthening ideological and political construction under the new situation , exert strenuous efforts to successfully grasp the reform of the army 's ideological and political education as well as the ideological and political work of colleges and universities , and strive to cope with the profound changes in social life and meet the needs of building a revolutionized , modernized and regularized army , and unceasingly create a new situation in ideological and political work .
fuzhou , $date - - we have of late paid a visit to a certain air strike division of the chinese air force , a hero unit known far and wide for its military prowess in the southeast , and interviewed the division 's commander zhang and political commissar su . what we saw and heard there has left us such a deep impression that the " fist " flight division has all along remained as a vanguard .
creating brilliance in the past the division , a crack unit of the air force , is stationed on the southeastern coast .
over the past nearly $number years since it was established , stationed at some $number airfields one after another , it has flown some $number types of planes .
during the war to resist us aggression and aid korea [ $number ] and in other air defense battles aimed at defending the territorial land , the division shot down or damaged some $number enemy planes .
moreover , it was also $number unit to undertake such a nuclear test task as flying fighter planes through the " mushroom " to take a sample .
it has produced a batch of heroes and models , including " air force 's hero fighter " du fengrui . the group in which du fengrui had once served in his lifetime was conferred with the honorary title " du fengrui group " by the ministry of defense and has since turned out some $number servicemen and two units cited for meritorious service , $number class , and two pilots conferred with the title of meritorious service pilots by the air force .
in particular , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin , and other state leaders have cordially met with officers and men of " du fengrui group " on numerous occasions . the group has also been an advanced unit for $number consecutive years and has rendered meritorious service or received awards on countless occasions .
the division has been good at fighting tough battles during wartime and bold to undertake heavy tasks in peacetime .
in the summer of $number , in order to defeat a ferocious flood and waterlogging disaster unprecedented over the past $number years , the division conducted some $number emergency flights ; took part in the major disaster relief struggle aimed at defending nanchang , jiujiang , and the beijing - kowloon railroad ; and successfully fulfilled all tasks . in the anti - flood and disaster - relief battle , three units of the division were cited for collective meritorious service , $number class , $number class , and $number class respectively and the division as a whole was commended by the four pla [ people 's liberation army ] general departments in a circulated notice and was cited for meritorious service by the air force .
last $date , a team sent by the division won the group championship in a large - scale training contest organized by the air force among maintenance units .
the division was also chosen by the general staff department as a $number - class military training unit .
as the division has been equipped with the latest models of china - made high - altitude and high - speed fighter planes , the division 's flight groups have met the requirements set for class - a groups in terms of fighting capacity ; have set a flight safety record after flying safe for $number consecutive years ; and have successfully accomplished all major tasks , including demonstrating and test - flying the new models of china - made fighter planes , which fired a certain type of air - to - air missiles , and so on .
in particular , the division has fulfilled the largest number of combat exercise tasks with the best results .
in a major exercise organized by the nanjing theater in $number quarter of last year , the division 's units kept a close watch on and patrolled over the taiwan straits , thus demonstrating a strong fighting capacity of defending the country 's sovereignty and dignity .
training " new tactics " at present though the gun smoke of the gulf war has long subsided , the people longing for peace have never forgotten about it .
during $number days of fighting , the air force fought for some $number days . in some eight relatively large - scale local wars fought in the world $date , six involved or were independently completed by the air force .
faced with such a rigorous reality of a modern war and an air force 's position and role in a future war , the division 's officers and men have developed a sense of urgency unknown in the past and have started training both " new tactics " and " unique tactics . "
over the past few years , the division has adhered to fighting capacity as a criterion and has conducted strict and difficult training with an eye on training itself into a crack unit .
especially , it has stepped up tactical and technological training on some extremely difficult topics and scored fruitful results .
by proceeding from a real war 's needs , a certain regiment of the division has reequipped scores of pilots by batches and has managed to conduct reequipment , complete reequipment , and generate fighting capacity during the same year .
in a training exercise held last $date on striking air targets with missiles , all the $number missiles the regiment fired hit the targets .
in order to strengthen its pilots ' ability to search , locate , and hit targets under all types of complicated conditions , the division sent a certain regiment to an unfamiliar airfield in $number quarter of last year , where the regiment conducted training on some extremely difficult topics and enhanced its units ' fighting capacity , such as breaking through a defense line or sealing off an area on the sea , by a large margin .
last summer , though the sky was covered with dark clouds , led by squadron leader wang , commander of " du fengrui group , " four fighter planes whizzed right into the sky on a guard and patrol mission over the southeastern coast .
ten minutes after the planes took off , it began to rain heavily .
the fighter planes continued their air patrol over the sea , braving the wind and rain , piercing the clouds , and penetrating the mist .
on their way back , as it was raining heavily , the visibility extremely low .
however , the pilots of " du fengrui group " remained exceptionally calm and confident about themselves . the group commander was $number to lower his flight altitude . after he courageously and resolutely landed his plane , other pilots followed suit with confidence .
aiming at " fighting and winning " in order to meet the needs of a future struggle against separatism , the division has stepped up study of its own arms , combat opponents , and battlefield environment and strengthened its units ' ability to fulfill combat tasks under all types of complicated conditions by aiming at such a goal as fighting and winning .
$number , it has stepped up its " mobility " training under complicated meteorological conditions by conducting training along the southeastern coast , a battlefield environment known for volatile climatic changes , as well as in light of all possible combat tasks with the result that all its pilots are now able to take off and land under complicated meteorological conditions .
in light of the characteristics of a night battle , it has organized training aimed at improving sudden mobility at night by increasing night flight training time and proportion .
last year , the division became one of the units that had spent most of the time on night flight in the whole air force .
in light of the needs of a war , it has conducted training on transregional rapid mobility and long - distance strikes ; tempered its pilots ' fighting will ; and trained its pilots ' fighting style .
it has studied and developed a whole set of new tactics , such as confrontation on the sea , surprise attack on the sea , preemptive attack on the enemy , hitting all targets during $number strike , and so on .
all its pilots have learned and mastered with excellent results both flexible and variable tactics and the law of defeating the enemy and winning a victory .
not long ago , in a live - fire training exercise organized by the higher authorities , in which missiles were fired at air targets , the division 's $number new pilots buckled on their armor and went into the battle and scored excellent results by hitting all the targets during $number strike .
division commander zhang and political commissar su told us that they are fully confident of the division 's fighting capacity .
if a war breaks out in the taiwan strait , after an order is given , with its pilots ' loyalty to the motherland , excellent skills , and advanced arms and equipment , the division will certainly be able to pull out , dash forward , fight and win a battle , and accomplish a mission assigned to a heroic and mighty unit like itself .
a few days ago , vice mayor of xiamen city lan fu , who fled to australia last month because of his being implicated in the xiamen yuanhua smuggling case , surrendered to the chinese embassy in australia . he was escorted back to beijing by chinese police and detained at the qincheng prison .
lan fu was forced to surrender to the chinese embassy on finding himself to be a stranger in a strange place after he fled to australia . he also requested that the chinese government not investigate his wife who had fled with him .
in a related development , the central authorities transferred hunan province 's yueyang city party committee secretary zhang changping to the post of executive deputy secretary of the xiamen city party committee to reinforce the leadership of xiamen city .
to carry out jiang zemin 's instruction that the case be brought to a preliminary close by the end of $date , the central authorities recently reinforced the " $date case investigation team " in xiamen by adding $number members to it to quicken the pace of trying and closing the exceptionally serious yuanhua smuggling case .
in early $date , xiamen vice mayor lan fu , accompanied by his wife who worked in the state security bureau in xiamen city , left the country through shanghai customs and fled to australia .
before new years , lan fu and his wife applied for visas at the australian consulate in shanghai on the pretext of new years travel . after that they went to australia together , trying to evade investigation by the central investigative team .
after arriving in australia , lan fu found himself to be a stranger in a strange place and learned of the chinese government 's request that the international criminal police organization arrest him . after much weighing of the pros and cons , lan fu could only choose to give himself up to the chinese embassy in australia and request that the chinese government not to investigate his wife and other family members .
it is reported that lan fu and yuanhua group chairman lai changxing are good friends . the yuanhua group had gone through the formalities of sending $number senior personnel of the company group , children of senior officials at various levels , and officials of banks , the customs , and other pertinent departments as well as their family members abroad to take up residence and many of these cases were handled and approved by lan fu .
on $date , president jiang zemin published his important speech entitled " continue to strive for the completion of the great reunification cause of the motherland . "
in line with deng xiaoping 's thinking of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems , " president jiang has put forward an eight - point proposal in his speech for pushing forward the development of both the cross - strait relations at the present stage and the peaceful reunification process of the motherland ; and based on his accurate judgment of both the domestic and international situations that face the settlement of the taiwan issue , not only has he shown great foresight by pointing out that " the glorious and splendid day " of the peaceful reunification of the motherland " will surely arrive , " but he has also put forward explicit proposals in a realistic manner on major issues concerning cross - strait relations and the reunification process .
practice over the past five years has proved clearly that president jiang 's eight - point proposal is a powerful weapon for opposing attempts to split the motherland and for crushing forces advocating " taiwan independence " ; a banner for uniting all the descendants of the chinese nation both at home and abroad , who have an ardent wish for a national rejuvenation , to make a common effort for the reunification of their country ; and a rational and pragmatic way for bringing about stable growth in cross - strait relations .
president jiang has pointed out in his speech : in recent years , the inclination toward splittism has undergone some expansion on the taiwan island , and certain foreign forces have gone further in poking their noses into the taiwan issue and interfering in china 's internal affairs ; on the other hand , however , china is to resume its exercise of sovereignty over hong kong and macao , and it is now time for the chinese nation to complete the great cause of the reunification of the motherland and to bring true an overall national rejuvenation . " this will mean an opportunity to taiwan and also an opportunity to the entire chinese nation . "
the eight - point proposal was put forward in good time exactly at such a historical moment , and it therefore evoked great repercussions on both sides of the taiwan straits , and among the circles of overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in overseas areas ; meanwhile , the international community also cherished the hope that the two sides of the strait could seize the opportunity to promote their mutual relations , and make contribution to the peace and stability of the asia - pacific region .
however , awed by this development in the cross - strait situation , the splittist forces on the taiwan island became more reckless in carrying out their splittist activities , in an attempt to prevent the development of the cross - strait relations from moving towards the orientation advocated in the eight - point proposal .
in line with the basic stand of president jiang 's eight - point proposal that " we should resolutely oppose any remarks and actions that aim at creating ' taiwan independence , ' " the mainland motherland has resolutely waged the struggle against splittism and " taiwan independence " and the struggle against the " two - state theory " ; and these struggles have fully demonstrated the determination and the ability of the mainland motherland in safeguarding its state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and dealt a heavy blow at the forces of " taiwan independence " which are engaged in the splittist activity of creating " two chinas " on the international level .
taiwan compatriots have further realized the danger caused by " taiwan independence " to their immediate interests , while the international community has also come to see the importance of sticking to their one - chinapolicy .
in the wake the crisis on the taiwan sea between $number and $number , the state leaders of china and the united states paid mutual visits to each other , and china and the united states decided to devote common efforts to building up a constructive strategic partnership .
under our stern criticisms , the " two - state theory " has not only given rise to new political struggles and contradictions on the taiwan island ; but has all the more faced a boycott in the international community , and $number countries have reiterated their stand to uphold their one - chinapolicy .
at a meeting of the general committee of the un assembly held last year , the five permanent members of the un security council unanimously spoke , for $number time , against taiwan 's bid to " get into the united nations . "
lee teng - hui 's " two - state theory " has turned him into an unpopular " troublemaker . "
the practice of the struggle against splittism and " taiwan independence " has shown clearly that the basic principle set in president jiang 's eight - point proposal is a powerful weapon for safeguarding china 's state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
while resolutely carrying out the struggle against splittism and " taiwan independence , " in line with the policy set in the eight - point proposal that " political differences should not affect or interrupt the economic cooperation across the strait , " the mainland motherland has made continued efforts to push forward the cross - strait economic and trade relations as well as personnel exchanges in various fields across the strait .
as a result , the cross - strait economic ties have undergone a constant expansion both in range and scale , the number of people involved in cross - strait personnel exchanges is going up by the year , limited headway has been achieved in the direct exchange of postal and shipping services , and taiwan compatriots have showed a stronger demand for an early realization of " three direct exchanges " across the strait .
the industrial and commercial circles have all the more made a greater appeal for changing the policy of " refraining from impetuosity and exercising forbearance " which is currently pursued by the taiwan authorities .
meanwhile , the trend toward a mutually complementary and mutually beneficial economic cooperation across the strait is currently undergoing further growth .
at a time when we are marking $number anniversary of the publication of president jiang 's eight - point proposal , taiwan is holding an election to change local leaders , and is therefore in the middle of a period featured by complicated political changes .
looking back at the ups and downs in the development process of cross - strait relations over the past five years , we feel the urge to stress $number point of the eight - point proposal : " adherence to the one - china principle serves as the foundation and prerequisite for the realization of a peaceful reunification . "
once the one - china principle is violated , the foundation and prerequisite of a peaceful reunification will be ruined .
at present , some political figures in taiwan are still agitating over the ideas of " two china " and " taiwan independence , " they have yet to give up the attempt to " write the 'two - state theory ' into the constitution and the law , " and they are still talking about the possibility of determining taiwan 's future by way of a " referendum . "
all the chinese people will by no means sit idly watching all these remarks and actions which aim at splitting the motherland .
today , the economy of the mainland motherland is growing , and the country is enjoying a stronger comprehensive national strength and an enhanced international status ; and under such circumstances , dangerous remarks , actions , and attempts on the island , which were frustrated in the past , will not have their way now and will never have their way in the future .
we deeply believe that a complete reunification of the motherland can surely become a reality .
five years ago , president jiang zemin laid out an eight - point proposal for the current development of cross - strait relations , acting in line with the basic interests of the chinese nation , and showing full consideration and understanding for the interests and sentiments of the taiwan people . it took the high ground , being wise and foresighted , to be jointly supported and responded to by chinese people both in china and abroad , including the taiwan people .
in the past five years , cross - strait interaction and cooperation has developed steadily in areas such as economic relations and trade , s & t , culture , and sports , with the personnel exchanges up sharply . the cross - strait " three exchanges " has also made progress . a cross - strait political dialogue was held successfully for $number time on our own territory , with the calls by the cross - strait peoples for political talks growing ever louder .
increasing numbers of our taiwan compatriots are gaining an ever deeper understanding of and identification with " one country , two systems " through its practice in hong kong and macao , now gradually deciding that " one country , two systems " is the best way to defend their interests in all areas .
the course of cross - strait relations in the last five years proves again that it will be only by acting in line with the " one china , two countries " principle , holding cross - strait political talks , to end the hostile cross - strait state as soon as possible , that will really end over a century of chinese humiliation and territorial division by the great powers , and really achieve china 's complete reunification and a real renaissance of the chinese nation , to achieve the longstanding dream of the chinese people to become a strong country .
since china will have to achieve complete reunification for the taiwan strait and the asia pacific region to have real peace and stability and for the basic interests of the taiwan people to not be possibly infringed upon , national reunification is in the real interests of the taiwan people , being the only hope for taiwan .
and the best way to meet that basic goal is to act in line with the basic policy of " peaceful reunification under one country , two systems , " through pragmatism , equal consultation , and putting aside differences to seek common ground , to find ways to resolve our differences .
in the last five years , while the separatist forces in taiwan have expanded and " taiwan independence " has become rampant , mainland china distinguishes the taiwan authorities from the taiwan people , distinguishing the separatist forces and " taiwan independence " from the taiwan people .
the sentiments among the cross - strait peoples have not changed .
and as to the more complex mentality of our taiwan compatriots that has evolved due to objective realities and historic causes , mainland china is very understanding of that .
meanwhile , he said clearly that , " both during the reunification process and after reunification , we will fully respect the aspirations of the taiwan people to be the masters of their own affairs and their calls for the development of political democracy , to preserve and defend the vital interests of our taiwan compatriots . "
such really emotional words express the ardent hopes and deep sentiments that we mainland chinese people have for the taiwan people , showing the high trust and deep understanding of the mainland chinese people for the taiwan people , to once again clarify firmly the stance and commitment of the party and government to adhere to peaceful means to solve the taiwan problem .
the history of the development of cross - strait relations shows that the taiwan people are one of the most important forces for opposing separatism , fighting " taiwan independence , " and promoting the development of cross - strait relations .
we believe that the taiwan people will definitely continue to display our glorious patriotic traditions , acting in the new age to promote the development of cross - strait relations , to make their own contribution to the eventual reunification of their native country .
at the beginning of $number , the complete reunification of the motherland is realistically and historically facing all chinese people , including our taiwan compatriots . we hope that our taiwan brothers and sisters will seize the time , joining in the effort to build cross - strait relations across the taiwan strait of peace and stability that contribute to complete chinese reunification , in a struggle to achieve the early renaissance of the chinese nation , for shared peace and harmony .
five years ago , president jiang zemin pointed out in his article entitled " continue to strive for the completion of the great reunification cause of the motherland " : using the principle of " peaceful reunification , and one country two systems " to settle the taiwan issue is the only correct way that conforms to the wishes of the people on both sides of the taiwan strait .
in his speech delivered at the cppcc 's chinese new year tea party this year , president jiang zemin again stressed : " we have attached great importance to the special characteristics of taiwan which are different from those of hong kong and macao .
in our bid to settle the taiwan issue and bring true a peaceful unification in line with the principle of " one country , two systems , " we can adopt a more flexible approach than that towards hong kong and macao . "
this has once again showed clearly the profound sincerity , as well as the highly pragmatic and highly flexible approach , of chinese leaders in using the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " to settle the taiwan issue .
the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " was $number designed for the settlement of the taiwan issue .
the smooth return of hong kong and macao to the chinese sovereignty , especially the practice in hong kong over the past two and a half years ever since its return to the motherland , has proved that the principle of " one country , two systems " enjoys a great vitality , and that it is a correct and feasible way to use the principle of " one country , two systems " for the realization of a peaceful reunification of the motherland .
the principle of " one country , two systems " is a brand - new practice which has no precedent to go by , and therefore needs to undergo constant improvements during the process of its implementation .
the taiwan issue has its own specific characteristics that are different from those of the hong kong issue .
whereas the hong kong issue was a historical issue left over by colonial aggression , the taiwan issue is an issue left over by china 's civil war and is totally an internal affair of china .
therefore , during the process of implementing the principle of " one country , two systems , " there surely exist differences between hong kong , macao , and taiwan ; and concrete policies should also give expression to the different specific characteristics of the three .
vice premier qian qichen also pointed out in beijing the other day : during the process of settling the taiwan issue , we ought to introduce more flexible policies than those designed for hong kong and macao .
the principle of " one country , two systems " respects both the history and the reality ; and proceeds everything not from ideology , but from the fundamental interests of the chinese nation and from the need to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity ; moreover , this principle is aimed at finding a solution to the issue that proves acceptable to all circles on both sides of the taiwan strait .
president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal has , all the more , displayed our determination and sincerity in practicing the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems . "
facts over the past $number years have proved that the factor of the mainland motherland is a strong and positive factor in the economic exchange across the strait , and in the economic growth of hong kong and macao .
it is much to be regretted , however , that the taiwan authorities have yet to give a due response to the " eight - point proposal " by far , and the " two - state theory " dished out by lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] has even thrown the cross - strait relations into a low ebb .
as a matter of fact , the so - called " two - state theory " is , in essence , an advocacy of " taiwan independence " ; and a continued growth of this concept will make it impossible for a peaceful reunification to become a reality , and will inevitably bring disasters to the chinese nation , especially to taiwan compatriots .
it is evident to all , therefore , that only by upholding the one - china principle can we successfully bring true the total reunification of the motherland by peaceful means ; can we not only ensure that the existing social systems and the way of life in taiwan will remain unchanged , but also take into consideration of the interests of all sides ; and can we take this opportunity to promote the prosperity and rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
all people of insight in taiwan should make serious reflections on this issue , seize this historical opportunity , and make a wise choice .
the two sides of the taiwan strait has been separated from each other for more than half a century , yet one should understand that the happy reunion and reunification of the chinese nation is an inexorable trend of history .
the taiwan authorities should value the interests of both taiwan compatriots and the chinese nation above everything else , return to the principled stand of " one china , " engage themselves in a political talk on ending the hostile status quo across the strait , and ultimately bring true a peaceful reunification across the taiwan strait .
on the eve of the opening of the $number un trade development council meeting , this writer was alarmed at a report and some figures .
the report said that a us company was cloning a sheep for a billionaire , who was willing to pay $ $number .
in comparison , figures released by the un trade development council and other international organizations indicated that developed nations , which had only $number percent of the world 's population , accounted for $number percent of the world 's gross product and $number percent of the export market . however , the developing nations , which had $number percent of the world 's population , accounted for only $number percent and $number percent , respectively , of the share .
the annual average per capita income of the rich countries exceeded $ $number , but there are $number people in the poor countries who have less than $ $number for daily living expenses . the annual spending in the united states and europe for raising pets reaches $ $number , an amount good enough to resolve the medical problems of all the people of the $number most underdeveloped nations .
no one has the right to interfere in the cats or dogs raised by the rich .
the question is that living conditions of the poor people , who account for $number percent of the world 's population , are deteriorating . they even have difficulty surviving . this does accord with the basic principles of the un human rights declaration .
during the un trade development council meeting , representatives of the international organizations and developing nations strongly called for reforming the current international rules and regulations , establishing a just and reasonable international political and economic order , and narrowing the gap between the rich and the poor . at the meeting , michel camdessus , managing director of the imf , urged the rich countries to embrace the poor ones and jointly built a new era of cooperation .
the bangkok declaration and program of action adopted at the meeting reflected the strong voice of the developing nations .
the bangkok declaration emphasized the necessity of establishing a fair and regular " multilateral trade system " and operating in a nondiscriminating and transparent way , which would be conducive to all the countries , the developing ones in particular .
the program of action proposed helping the developing nations .
the key to the question now is whether these calls can be put into action .
as the un trade development council has no right to draft international rules and regulations , the developing nations have urged at the meeting the world bank , the imf organization , and the wto to introduce reforms .
$number , all the member nations should participate in amending the outdated , unfair , and irrational international rules and regulations , and jointly draft new international rules and regulations .
the group of latin american nations issued a statement , which said that they would refuse to sign any agreement reached by a handful of developed nations .
$number , the amended or newly drafted international rules and regulations should be conducive to the economic and trade development of all countries .
the number of the most underdeveloped nations increased from $number $date to $number . the population of these countries account for $number percent of the world 's total , but the volume of their exports account for only $number percent , a reduction of $number percent in $number years .
the current international rules and regulations mainly safeguard the interests of the developed nations but hinder the economic growth of the developing nations . the most underdeveloped nations have come to the edge of a precipice and it is time to put an end to such a state of affairs .
$number representatives from $number countries had attended the previous un trade development council meetings , which spent a huge amount of funds .
it is hoped that the declaration and program of action adopted at the meeting will be implemented , that the international community will make progress in reforming the current international rules and regulations and establishing a fair and rational international order , and that contribution will be made to the coordinated development of the economy of all countries and to the narrowing of the gap between the rich and the poor .
summary : * an understanding and grasp of the deflationary trend that has appeared in china for the last two - plus years will directly affect the direction and intensify of our macroeconomic regulation and control policy . * china 's current deflationary trend has appeared in a deeply changed market order in our economic transformation .
it is mild and to a certain extent corrective , accompanied not by economic recession or depression , but rather fast economic growth , as well as being affected by international prices . * the current deflationary trend is both a monetary and economic phenomenon .
meanwhile , it is due to both monetary and real economic causes , with its deeper cause being in the real economic arena . * to control the deflationary trend , by either expanding demand or improving supply , we need to rely on regulation and control through monetary policy , while stressing a better solution of the problem through the economic system and forces .
as to the meaning of deflation , academia differs considerably , certainly not agreeing .
in general , there are three versions : there is the " single - element " theory , holding that deflation refers to a sustained overall price decline . the " two - element " theory holds that deflation refers to a sustained decline in both overall prices and the money supply . and the " three - factor " theory holds that deflation refers to a sustained decline in both overall prices and the money supply , accompanied by recession or depression .
we hold that , as to the current operating state of the chinese national economy , there is no need to over - debate the meaning of deflation , because these three versions have a common economic focus , or that china 's overall prices have been in a sustained falling trend for over two years since $date .
understanding and grasping the deflationary trend that has appeared in china for two - plus years will directly affect the direction and intensify of our macroeconomic regulation and control policy .
as to this trend , we should neither treat it lightly or overestimate it .
if we treated it lightly , not taking effective steps , that would worsen difficulties in areas such as enterprise operations and worker jobs , to affect economic development and social stability . but if we overestimated it , arbitrarily pursuing strong cures , that could bring an aftermath that would be even harder to cure , such as possibly causing a financial crisis or longer - term " stagflation . "
so we need to do an in - depth and conscientious analysis focused on key matters in china 's current inflationary trend such as its features , causes , and control remedies .
major features the current deflationary trend that has appeared in china has the following features : $number .
as to the length of the deflationary periods that have occurred in world economic history , both the united states and britain sustained $number years of deflation $number . subsequently , the united states sustained three decades of deflation $number , with britain also sustaining deflation for $number years $number .
as to the extent of the price decline , prices declined $number percent in the united states during the recession following world war i. and in the great depression $date , prices fell $number percent .
china 's overall prices have been falling for just a little over two years , for a drop of around $number percent .
so in contrast to the historic deflationary periods that lasted over two and three decades , in which prices dropped some dozen and even dozens of times , this should be considered mild deflation . $number .
it is of a certain corrective nature .
in the previous period from $number through $number , china had a high sustained inflation rate of $number percent , $number percent , and $number percent for those years respectively , with our price level containing a considerable " bubble " component .
so this overall price decline has a rational element , playing a corrective role for the previous high inflation and price bubble . $number .
it is accompanied not by economic recession or depression , but rather fast economic growth .
historically , while sustained overall price declines have been often accompanied by economic recession or depression , there are also cases in which they have been accompanied by sustained economic growth .
in the u.s. deflation of $number for instance , which was the initial and middle period of u.s. industrialization , the united states averaged gnp growth of $number percent . and in the $number deflation , which was the period in which the united states caught up to and passed britain , the united states averaged gnp growth of $number percent a year .
while china 's economic growth rate of the last two years has dropped somewhat , it has still stayed at a fast development rate of $number percent , which is completely different from the deflationary situation during the great depression in the west $date , as well as different from the economic recession and deflation that occurred in surrounding countries during the asian financial crisis . $number .
through over two decades of reform and opening efforts , china 's overall national might is up sharply , which has fundamentally changed the past longstanding general and sharp commodity shortage , to bring a staged and structural market order of long supply .
it is in this order that china is seeing a sustained overall price decline . $number .
causes since deflation and inflation are both monetary phenomena , we often stress their monetary causes , holding that inflation is caused mainly by a too large money supply , while deflation is due mostly to a too small money supply .
while china 's money supply growth rate at all levels in the last two years has still topped the sum of our economic growth rate and price index , since our money circulation rate is down , our real money supply hardly supports the potential economic growth rate that china 's existing economic resources could accommodate , hardly supporting a stable overall price decline . but many also hold that china 's current sustained overall price decline is not caused mainly by monetary factors , but rather the real economic arena .
so while the financial authorities would subjectively like to ease the monetary credit supply somewhat , such as finding ways to lend more , due to a lack of willingness by borrowers , they can hardly do so .
in fact , the current deflationary trend is both a monetary and economic phenomenon . meanwhile , it has both monetary and real economic causes , with the deeper ones being economic .
as to the real economy , besides technical advances causing lower costs , a cause of our sustained overall price decline is also that our society 's overall supply of goods and services continues to exceed the overall demand , for either long supply , short demand , or both .
since china 's current deflationary trend is due to both overall supply and overall demand , we need to analyze it .
we will speak of overall demand $number .
overall demand is made up of overseas demand and domestic demand .
overseas demand is export demand .
once the asian financial crisis occurred $date , china 's exports were sharply affected . and while they have improved somewhat recently , they still cannot be said to be completely stable .
domestic demand includes investment demand and consumer demand .
in recent years , due to a number of causes , these two domestic demands have both been short .
as to investment demand , in recent years , as china 's economic reform , particularly financial reform , has intensified steadily , enterprise investment and bank lending have both moved toward marketization or commercialization , with the past investment system that relied on all eating out of the financial or banking " big pot " being gradually broken , and financial restraints tending to grow harder .
on one hand , this is helping to eliminate the system grounds for the past longstanding and deep - rooted investment starvation and blind expansionary impulse . but on the other , we have seen many cases of an inability to adapt all at once , which has been temporarily adverse to investment .
since enterprises have gained a somewhat stronger self - restraint awareness through reform but still can hardly overcome their historic debt burden , faced with a soft market and difficulty in finding good projects , their investment decision - making tends to be cautious , for a " cautious borrowing " tendency .
and since banks have gained a higher security mentality through reform , placing more emphasis on lending quality , they are subject to a " grudging lending " tendency .
since commercial bank lending was eased somewhat , a considerable amount of credit capital has become arbitrage or hedge funds , divorced from the real industrial sector .
all of this hinders indirect bank - enterprise financing .
and since the chinese capital market is still developing , being far from mature , direct financing means are also very narrow .
all of which limits investment demand .
consumer demand is short for three main reasons : $number . since reform and opening , while the absolute value of the income and consumption level of chinese residents has been growing steadily , the ratio of our society 's gross product that is eventually used for consumption , or the final consumption rate , has been in a falling trend , with our accumulation or savings rate having tended to rise .
to keep the economy growing fast , a definitely high accumulation rate is essential .
but if our accumulation rate long stays at a too high level while our final consumption rate is too low , that makes consumer demand relatively short , making the consumer market relatively narrow , to affect investment prospects and the smooth course of our overall social reproduction . $number .
in recent years , since economic prospects have declined due to structural reorganization , with more layoffs , the increase in individual immediate income and expected income has slowed somewhat .
the income gap is widening , particularly that between former system personnel and those who are outside of the system .
consumer demand by the high - income group is basically saturated , while the masses of low - income individuals lack purchasing power , which tends to weaken the average consumer demand of our whole society .
the imbalance in our society 's overall supply and demand is not caused by the demand shortage alone , also being caused by oversupply and hard supply .
oversupply refers to the excess industrial output capacity and product mix formed by years of blind investment and duplicate construction , as well as a staged surplus of farm products due to successive bumper harvests .
hard supply refers to the low - level surplus production capacity , inefficient supply , and structural distortion formed by years of an extensive growth form . since our market lacks elimination - through - competition forces , with enterprises lacking innovative skills , this hard supply is not corrected promptly and effectively .
since such hard supply limits both the guiding role of demand on supply and the supply space to create demand per se , keeping supply and demand interaction from forming a good cycle and structural upgrading , it exacerbates the imbalance of gross supply and demand in our society , to promote a sustained decline in overall prices .
control remedies for the last two years , aimed at the changed international and domestic economic situation and the domestic deflation trend that has appeared , the chinese government has sized up the time , adjusting its policy promptly , making the key decision to expand domestic demand , and taking a series of macroeconomic regulation and control steps , the main substance of which is pursuing an active fiscal policy .
a review of the early stage of the active fiscal policy $date shows that the steps to expand domestic demand were limited mainly to the government issuing treasury bonds for investment in infrastructure building . but by now , the macroeconomic regulation and control substance has developed into a whole set of comprehensive policy steps .
in short , as practice develops , our policy is being steadily improved , with the steps growing constantly stronger .
the past years of successfully controlling inflation and the last two years of actively curbing the deflation trend shows that the party central committee has acquired more mature skill in governing the overall economic order , having acquired richer experience in exercising macroeconomic regulation and control .
this series of macroeconomic policy steps taken by the center has effectively curbed a severe decline in our economic development rate that might have occurred , having played and continuing to play an active role in pulling economic growth , to promote a rebound in economic efficiency .
particularly since the last half of $number , the bright spots in china 's economic operations have increased , with the overall price decline trend also tending to be eased .
the central economic work conference held in $date proposed a series of policy steps to promote economic development such as continuing to pursue an active fiscal policy and bringing into better play the role of monetary policy , making decisions such as expanding domestic demand , sharply adjusting the economic structure , and promoting industrial optimization and upgrading .
these will play a key role in further expanding domestic demand and improving supply , to effectively curb the deflationary trend .
i would note that , to control the deflation trend , by either expanding demand or improving supply , it will not do to rely solely on regulation and control through macroeconomic policy , because they [ supply and demand ] are also limited by our current system .
we need to tighten macroeconomic regulation and control , while stressing a better system and forces solution to the problems of expanding demand and improving supply .
even once the deflationary trend is eased , system or institution building will remain a continued long - term need .
so acting in the spirit of $number plenary session of the $number central committee and the central economic work conference , stressing the central link of state - owned enterprise [ soe ] reform , and continuing to promote all reforms such as fiscal , financial , circulation , s & t , education , housing , social security , and income distribution , will be crucial to clearing the system obstacles to promoting demand and improving supply , to establish the necessary system climate .
as all know , the impact of economic reform in promoting economic development often needs a process to be shown .
and some reform steps , as to their short - term impact in expanding demand and improving supply , not only cannot play an influential role , rather having a temporarily restraining effect .
for instance , reform steps to tighten financial oversight order and prevent financial risk can cause banks to lend cautiously . reform steps to tighten tax collections can play a certain canceling or offset role in the expansion effect of increased fiscal spending . and system reform steps in areas such as social security , welfare , and education can make individuals consumption cautious , to intensify the savings tendency .
while such reform steps are particularly essential and imperative , in all future reform steps , we need to do all possible to put them into effect at the right time , for a well - planned reform rhythm .
meanwhile , we need to intensify our macroeconomic expansionary policy steps , to make up for the temporarily deflationary or tightening effect of certain essential reform steps on supply and demand relations . and we also need to provide the masses with suitable monetary compensation for their temporarily lower income and higher spending due to certain essential reform steps .
international experience proves that using an expansionary macroeconomic policy to curb deflation and start up the economy needs adequate intensity and time . otherwise , it could cause a poor policy effect , forcing a restart , with such a stop - and - go method delaying the economic adjustment process , to possibly damage economic growth .
the japanese economy was subject to such a state $date , which merits our attention .
the force or intensity and time of our macroeconomic expansionary policy needs to be suitably adjusted in a timely way in line with changes in supply and demand relations and price trends .
in the adjustment process , we need to pay attention to the limits of our economic growth potential , being careful to not exceed these limits , while being even more careful to prevent a large - scale " turning on of the tap " and arbitrary issuing of notes , which could cause a replay of economic overheating and severe inflation .
this is a key matter that we must not overlook in the course reversing the deflationary trend .
beijing , $date xinhua ) - - chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation (moftec) shi guangsheng and indian minister of commerce and industry murasoli maran signed a bilateral agreement on china 's entry into the world trade organization (wto) here this afternoon .
after the two sides signed the agreement , shi guangsheng said : china and india are important developing countries in the world and also great neighbors .
the conclusion of the bilateral agreement on china 's wto entry marks the further acceleration of negotiations on china 's wto entry and will be helpful to the development of economic and trade relations between china and india . it will also be helpful to the establishment of a new regime of the wto and the development of the wto .
murasoli maran said that india fully supports and welcomes china 's entry into the wto .
the signing of the bilateral agreement has very important significance and will be of help to the further growth of bilateral economic and trade relations .
india will work in cooperation with china to promote the growth of world trade and for the interests of the developing nations around the world .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - this reporter learned the following from $number clean government work conference held by the state council in beijing the other day : $date , the ministry of finance made fresh headway in managing extrabudgetary funds , rectifying accounting order , implementing government purchases , and other aspects , with a view to preventing and controlling corruption at its sources .
xiang stated : $date , the ministry of finance also organized forces to launch a specialized examination on how specialized funds had been managed or spent , such as funds earmarked for national bonds , funds earmarked as subsidies for key flood control projects , funds earmarked for water conservancy works , and central financial funds earmarked for helping the poor ; adopted punitive measures to deal with exposed problems in a timely fashion ; and made public through the news media a number of typical cases .
in the meantime , the ministry of finance also implemented a system of making public the results of sample surveys on accounting information quality ; held a sample survey of annual accounting reports submitted by some $number wine brewing enterprises and a batch of state - owned enterprises audited by intermediate institutions in the society ; found out some $number yuan of falsified property and profits ; revoked or canceled in accordance with the law the business licenses or professional or technological qualifications held by the accountant 's offices or registered accountants that had been found to have violated the law or decrees or held by the accounting personnel who had been found to have offered false accounting information ; and proposed to the judicial organs that those who had violated the criminal law should be investigated and held responsible for their criminal acts .
moreover , xiang disclosed that in accordance with the instructions of the state council leaders , the ministry of finance also conscientiously conducted investigations and study for implementing the work of government purchases and promulgated one by one " interim measures on management of government purchases , " " interim measures on management of invitation and submission of bids for government purchases , " and " interim measures on supervision over government purchase contracts . "
incomplete statistics showed that in $number $number months of $number , the government purchase funds across the country had totaled some $number yuan with the average saving rate standing at $number percent and some $number yuan saved .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - after china and india concluded an agreement on the negotiations on china 's entry into the world trade organization [ two ] today , while answering reporters ' questions , chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng said : this marks the further acceleration of negotiations on china 's wto entry .
it is reported that the negotiations between china and india , which are the two largest developing countries in the world , proceeded very smoothly and reached an agreement very quickly .
recently china has noticeably accelerated bilateral negotiations with relevant wto member states . since the beginning of this year china has concluded bilateral agreements with cuba , venezuela , sri lanka , brazil , peru , iceland , norway , the philippines , and india . after the bilateral negotiations between china and the european union made progress in brussels in late - $date , a new round of technical consultations is now being held in beijing .
it is a foregone conclusion that the goal of the " soes extricating themselves from the predicament within three years " will be achieved as scheduled . then , how the soes that have extricated themselves from the predicament and those that have no this problem will continue with their reform and development , calmly cope with the impacts and competition brought by china 's accession to the wto , and adapt themselves to the environment of international competition will be the focus of attention at the " two sessions " .
great achievements were scored in the soe reform last year .
the official statistics shows that nearly $number percent of areas in the $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities throughout the country have , in varying degrees , increased profits or eliminated or reduced losses .
of all industries , the most prominent is the textile industry , which has ended the loss - inflicted situation that lasted as long as six years . the economic returns of other industries have been noticeably enhanced too .
among the $number large and medium industrial enterprises that suffered losses at the end of $number , which were either state - owned or controlled by soes , a total of $number enterprises no longer suffered losses .
however , the chinese realized that this improvement is merely of a restorative nature , and the soes are still confronted with quite a few old and new problems . in particular , the significant headway made by china on the journey toward the wto has made many risks , pressures , and impacts , which seemed to be mere " empty phrases on a scrap of paper " before , suddenly become concrete , visible , and imminent . in particular , the problems in terms of system , management , technology , and qualified personnel have become more and more conspicuous .
according to an analyst , the enhancement of soe 's ability in international competition as quickly as possible is the principal direction of the future soe reform and development .
reform will continue to take the institution of a modern enterprise system and operational mechanism suited to the requirements for the market economy as a center , so as to quicken the pace of enterprises ' strategic reorganization , speed up the reform of a standardized company system , and develop a coordinated specialized and socialized system .
in order to meet with and participate in international competition in a positive attitude , china will concentrate greater efforts on setting up important and crucial sectors to prop up a number of large enterprises and groups with tremendous strength to accelerate their development speed .
although the introduction of foreign capital to expedite the soe structural reform through merger and acquisition is feasible , yet the authoritative personage thinks that the central government may not necessarily adopt this method but will be inclined to choose other progressive reform plans for fear that it may cause more soe workers to lose their jobs and thus affect social stability .
as the chinese have more and more profoundly realized the decisive effect of the ever - advancing science and technology on the economy , it can be predicted that the soes will pay greater attention , either in an active or passive attitude , to the import , assimilation , and development of the new high technology , and a new technological innovative system with enterprises as its center will be established in china too .
the state economic and trade commission has proposed to set up technological development centers in $number key enterprises , and more than two - thirds of the large and medium enterprises will strive to set up similar organizations within two to three years . in the meantime , the technological innovative supporting systems geared to the needs of the medium and small enterprises will be set up in $number central cities .
the fierce competition for qualified personnel , which will be triggered by china 's wto entry , has become another hot spot in reform for which people are universally concerned .
the wto specialists who are familiar with the national conditions , possess rich professional knowledge , and have a relatively high foreign language standard will become the key objects for training by the state and enterprises .
it is generally acknowledged that qualified personnel most needed by the soes are the operators and managers who fit in with the needs of the market economy . if the situation of deficiency in incentive mechanism is not changed as quickly as possible , qualified personnel will inevitably drain away in vast numbers .
therefore , enabling the soe managers to walk out from the personnel management structure as well as setting up a qualified personnel database and entrepreneur rating system will be one of the significant moves of the soe reform in future .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that china has said on many occasions that it has no intention of attending the g-8 summit or participating in relevant activities .
zhu bangzao made these comments in connection with recent statements by japan and some other g-8 members expressing their willingness to invite china to attend the g-8 summit as an observer or even to join the group .
he said : the group of seven was originally an organization whereby major developed countries coordinated their economic policies and other issues . it was later known as the group of eight after russia joined some of its activities .
china has said on many occasions that it has no intention of attending the g-8 summit or participating in relevant activities .
china 's stands and views on asian - pacific affairs and other major international issues are known to all .
the chinese side also wants to stress that the important role played by the united nations and its security council in international affairs cannot be replaced .
this is a common understanding of the international community at large .
in view of the present situation of discipline - violating operations in the deposit - taking business of some financial institutions in some localities , the people 's bank of china [ pbc ] recently issued a circular strictly prohibiting improper competition among financial institutions for deposits . any financial institution that continues to compete for deposits by unfair means , particularly by using high interest rates to solicit depositors , will be strictly investigated and dealt with .
the circular points out : financial institutions ' improper competition in the deposit - taking business has increased their costs and expenditures , disturbed financial order , and intensified disorderly competition among themselves and would easily cause corruption and adversely affect financial stability .
the circular demands : all financial institutions must earnestly put in order the existing systems , rules , and procedures ; immediately put right pertinent rules that run counter to the state 's interest policy ; and abolish the measures of specifically appraising and rewarding performance in the area of deposit taking . they are not allowed to assign deposit - taking appraisal quotas to non - deposit departments , not allowed to break down deposit - taking appraisal quotas for assignment to individual workers and staff members , and not allowed to tie up deposit - taking appraisal quotas with the wages , bonuses , welfare , and assignment of administrative posts for individual workers and staff members .
in conducting various deposit - taking business , all financial institutions are not allowed to violate relevant rules of the state by raising interest rates openly or in disguised form and not allowed to pay the person handling a deposit transaction and depositing party any fees in any names other than the legal interest or to present them with any gifts .
the circular stresses : personal deposit - taking business shall be carried out in strict compliance with the provisions in the " administrative regulations on savings " that are pertinent to such aspects as the term of deposit , mode of payment , and method of interest calculation . deposits by organizational units shall be transacted in accordance with the pbc 's " procedures for regulating renminbi deposits by units . " the calculation and payment of renminbi interest shall be carried out in accordance with the pbc 's " rules for regulating renminbi interest . " the calculation and payment of foreign currency interest shall be carried out in accordance with the pbc 's " several rules for further strengthening regulation of foreign currency interest . "
the circular demands : all financial institutions must organize management personnel and business transactors at various levels to earnestly study relevant policies as well as laws and regulations to firmly establish a consciousness of operating in accordance with laws and regulations .
in persisting in organizing deposits according to the state 's legal interest rates for deposits as well as relevant laws and regulations , they must start with improving the approach in service and enhancing the quality of service .
they must establish a consciousness of cost and benefit and integrate the active organization of deposits with the improvement of the quality of assets as well as business results to comprehensively raise the standard of management .
at the same time , they must give full play to the role of industry self - disciplinary organizations of financial institutions at various localities in mutual supervision .
president jiang zemin met yildirim akbulnut , speaker of the grand national assembly of turkey , and his party here this afternoon .
the two sides conducted talks in a cordial and friendly atmosphere .
jiang zemin extended welcome to akbulnut on his visit to china .
he noted : the friendship between china and turkey goes back to ancient times , and the world - famous silk road served as a bridge of friendly exchanges between our two nations .
over the past $number years ever since the establishment of diplomatic relations between our two countries , the two sides have conducted cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields that have yielded fruitful results ; and the mutual relations between our two countries have undergone a considerable growth .
in recent years , there have been frequent mutual exchanges between the top leadership of the two countries , which have given a powerful impetus to a sustained growth in the friendly relations of cooperation between china and turkey .
jiang zemin pointed out : stretching over eurasia , turkey is a country which has a vital importance to all regions in the world .
the chinese government has attached great importance to promoting its friendly relations of cooperation with turkey .
strengthening sino - turkish relations not only conforms to the fundamental interests of our two countries and two peoples , but is also beneficial to maintaining regional peace and stability .
the chinese side is willing to make concerted efforts with the turkish side , and continue to promote the friendly relations of cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the five cardinal principle of peaceful coexistence , so that the mutual relations of our two countries can be constantly enriched and filled with vitality in the new century .
jiang zemin asked akbulnut to , upon the latter 's return to turkey , convey his cordial greetings to turkish president suleyman demirel .
akbulnut thanked jiang zemin for finding time to meet him in the midst of pressing affairs .
he also conveyed president demirel 's cordial greetings to president jiang zemin , and expressed hope that president jiang zemin can pay a visit to turkey in the future .
akbulnut indicated : during this visit , china 's economic growth and social progress have left a deep impression on us .
the achievements already attained by the chinese people have won the admiration of the world .
china is a big country , and is playing an important role in maintaining both regional and the world peace and stability .
he stressed : turkey has all along pursued a one - china policy , and highly respects china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
turkey is opposed to any interference in the internal affairs of other countries .
he noted : turkey has consistently attached greater importance to promoting its friendly relations of cooperation with china in all fields ; and hopes to coordinate with china in international affairs , and make common efforts in promoting world peace and development .
present at the meeting were he luli , vice chairman of the npc standing committee ; li boyong , member of the npc standing committee and chairman of the npc china - turkey friendship group ; ji peiding , deputy minister of foreign affairs ; and li guangzhen , chairman of the standing committee of the shenzhen city people 's congress .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : the chinese side is deeply worried about the recent tension in kosovo .
china condemns all violent acts that may bring new instability to kosovo , and calls on the relevant parties to exercise restraint and prevent the tension from further escalating .
at the foreign ministry 's news briefing today , zhu bangzao said : the kosovo issue is a very complicated ethnic and religious problem rooted in a region of yugoslavia .
by using force against the sovereign state of yugoslavia , us - led nato had not only seriously violated the united nations charter and the principles of international law and set an extremely dangerous example of interfering in the internal affairs of other countries , but had also further complicated the situation in the region .
the spokesman pointed out : the recent situation in kosovo has once again shown that , since the un peacekeeping troops and civilian organizations established their presence in kosovo , the un security council 's resolution $number has not been carried out earnestly and effectively , and kosovo 's security situation has not improved noticeably .
he said : china 's position on the kosovo issue is very clear .
china holds that the federal republic of yugoslavia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity must be respected , the un security council 's resolution $number must be earnestly and effectively implemented , and the equal rights and interests of all ethnic groups in kosovo must be fully respected . only by doing so can necessary conditions for the political resolution of the kosovo issue be created .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao gave a fairly detailed account here today of the high - level meeting between china and the united states .
he said : china and the united states bear special responsibility for global and regional peace , stability , and security . the us side should act prudently [ shen zhong xing shi $number $number $number $number ] when it comes to implementing the national missile defense [ nmd ] plan and approaching the taiwan issue .
from $date , chinese vice foreign minister yang jiechi and visiting us deputy secretary of state strobe talbott held sino - us strategic and security consultations .
us participants in the consultations included undersecretary of defense walter b. slocombe , vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff joseph ralston , deputy national security adviser to the president james b. steinberg , and ambassador to china joseph prueher .
on $date , vice premier qian qichen , [ central military commission ] vice chairman zhang wannian , [ central foreign affairs leading group general office ] director liu huaqiu , and [ chinese people 's liberation army ] deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai had separate meetings with talbott and his entourage .
zhu bangzao said : during the sino - us strategic and security consultations , the two sides had an in - depth and frank [ shen ru tan shuai $number $number $number $number ] exchange of views , focusing on the issues of global and regional security , ballistic missile defenses , and sino - us relations , especially the question of us arms sales to taiwan .
the spokesman pointed out : the issue of ballistic missile defenses was one of the central topics of the consultations .
with regard to the us side 's argument that the development of the national and theater missile defense systems is to counter " rogue states " and to enhance us security , and with regard to the basic plan for such systems , the chinese side pointed out that the us excuses are untenable [ zhan bu zhu jiao de $number $number $number $number $number ] .
this plan is not conducive to the global strategic balance and stability , nor is it conducive to regional peace and security . in addition to damaging the legitimate security interests of other countries , it will eventually work against the united states .
for this reason , the chinese side hopes that the us side will give more consideration to the political and strategic prices it will have to pay for the nmd plan , and to refrain from testing or deploying the plan , which will undermine stability and harm other countries and the united states itself .
on sino - us relations and the taiwan issue , zhu bangzao said : during the meetings and consultations , the chinese side told the us side that maintaining and developing friendly , cooperative , and normal state - to - state relations between china and the united states - - major powers with significant influence in the world - - is of great significance to safeguarding world peace and promoting global economic development .
zhu bangzao said : sino - us relations are now faced with opportunities for further improvement and development ; there are also challenges .
he said that china is willing to join hands with the us side in advancing sino - us relations in the direction defined by the presidents of the two countries and toward the goal established by them .
zhu bangzao said : the chinese side emphatically pointed out that the taiwan issue has always been the most important and the most sensitive issue at the core of sino - us relations .
china hopes that the us side will strictly observe the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant commitments and properly handle the taiwan issue . this is of the utmost importance to the healthy and stable development of sino - us relations .
the us side said : the clinton administration is committed to developing us - china relations .
president clinton is determined to further advance us - china relations in the direction of a constructive strategic partnership during the remaining months of his tenure .
president clinton is firmly committed to winning support from the us congress for permanent normal trade relations with china .
talbott said : the us side recognizes the importance and sensitivity of the taiwan issue and strictly observes the " one - china " principle , the three sino - us joint communiques , and the " three noes " [ no support for taiwan independence , no support for two chinas or one china , one taiwan , and no support for taiwan 's membership in international organizations that require statehood ] commitment .
talbott said that the us government opposes the taiwan security enhancement act and will prevent it from becoming law .
this spokesman for the chinese foreign ministry stated : both sides believe that china and the united states bear special responsibility for safeguarding global and regional peace , stability , and security , and should increase contact , enhance understanding , expand common ground , and promote cooperation [ zeng jia jie chu zeng jin liao jie kuo da gong shi cu jin he zuo $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] .
the us side said that it attaches great importance to and will seriously study the views and stances that the chinese side expounded during the consultations .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao pointed out here today : the so - called " matter of the infra - red camera " is a sheer rumor . he made necessary elaboration on the report 's details .
recently , the us - based " los angeles times " and other newspapers reported that a chinese - american bought and " secretly shipped " the infra - red camera , which is used on missile guidance systems and early warning systems , for china .
zhu bangzao solemnly pointed out : the report was groundless .
zhu bangzao said : according to investigations of relevant competent departments in china , the relevant chinese company ( the marine engineering company ) and the american company ( the oriental technology service company ) held normal trade negotiations on the import from the us of the infra - red thermal imaging system .
he pointed out : the imported infra - red thermal imaging system is manufactured by the us raytheon company and published openly in the " $number james ' [ $number $number ] photoelectricity systems yearbook . "
it is used for all - weather monitoring of vessels on river courses , especially for the anti - smuggling boats of the chinese customs , which is open for bidding , and it is not used for military purposes .
the spokesman said : the chinese company has provided its american counterpart with written explanations on the end - users and purposes of the device .
$number - year - old retired veteran cadre wang shaohong , former deputy head of the shangdong changqing falun instruction group , firmly expressed to the party organization his thorough breaking away from falun gong after recognizing its cult nature . he often organized the previous falun gong practitioners around to watch and study relevant news reports and educate them to quickly realize their errors and mend their ways .
wang shaohong was introduced to falun gong exercises in $date believing that it can help cure illnesses and terminal diseases .
on $date , after watching a program on ferreting out a host of facts that falun gong is illegal , he felt guilty about his practice of falun gong . he went to the county organization department and public security bureau of his own accord and said , " i previously was cheated by li hongzhi and i will no long practice falun gong . "
feeling very furious , he tore up $number falun gong - related books about falun gong , smashed $number relevant tapes , burned relevant portraits and emblems , and submitted $number books of experience sharing .
in order to further alert himself and educate other people , wang shaohong borrowed a video recorder and bought videotapes to record eight tapes of programs shown on tv about ferreting out the true cult nature of falun gong .
" the reason i recorded these programs is to always educate myself to firmly break away from falun gong .
meanwhile , i will let my relatives , friends and former practitioners watch these , and will persuade all of them to break away from the falun gong cult organization in order not to be further cheated by li hongzhi , " he said .
wang shaohong also wrote a large number of materials on ferreting out falun gong in which he deeply unmasked li hongzhi 's lies that falun gong has no organization and has " loose management , " as well as his evil motives of " conveying law " among the cadres and masses .
lan fu , former vice mayor of xiamen and one of the key figures in a big smuggling case involving $number yuan , fled to australia . he recently was arrested by mainland authorities in hong kong , however .
according to well - informed sources , as lan fu led a hard life in australia , he called xiaman city cpc secretary hong yongshi , asking hong to allow him to work in the xiamen office in hong kong through a " back - door deal . "
with the intervention of the relevant mainland departments , lan fu was arrested in hong kong last week and sent to beijing for investigation .
all major suspects related to the yuanhua smuggling case have been arrested .
well - informed sources also revealed that when lan fu , former vice mayor of xiamen and one of the important suspects involved in the yuanhua case , fled to australia , there was no time for him to transfer a large sum of money to the country due to the pressing situation . therefore , he and his wife lived a hard life in australia .
under such circumstances , lan fu was compelled to call xiamen city cpc secretary hong yongshi in an attempt to make a deal with him . lan requested that he be transferred to work in the xiamen office in hong kong provided no judicial investigation was conducted into his case .
at that time , hong yongshi immediately accepted his request and approved his coming to hong kong .
it has been learned that upon lan 's arrival at the xiamen office , he $number contacted hong yongshi . according to hong 's instructions issued during the telephone conversation , lan did not contact anyone . he directly went to a certain designated house .
when lan fu entered the house , several mainland investigators had already been " waiting for him " there . lan was arrested immediately . he was sent back to xiamen by sea the next day .
after arriving in xiamen , he again was sent to beijing by plane for investigation .
he begged those investigators to be lenient and let him off . according to well - informed sources , the arrest of lan fu means that a huge sum of money can be recovered . in the meantime , some other clues might also be found that can help those discipline inspection and judicial organs thoroughly investigate the case .
it has been reported that all suspects related to the yuanhua case are now detained in a certain place in hebei . they are ordered to recall in detail their own " personal experiences , " social connections , and so on . they also must explain where their valuables came from .
well - informed sources also revealed that after the news of the arrest of lan fu spread in xiamen 's official circles , the majority of officials in the city believed that , as lan could do anything he liked in xiamen and lived in luxury for many years previously , he could not adapt himself to the environment in the foreign country .
this also showed that he is politically naive , because he believed that he could still bargain with the authorities .
although lan fu did not dare ask to be transferred back to work at home , he wrongly believed that hong kong was a good haven for him .
in the morning , he visited the konka group , a noted hi - tech enterprise in shenzhen .
then jiang listened to an account of work given by shenzhen officials .
as china 's market for color television sets is saturated , konka recently has focused on developing high quality digital monitors , mobile telephones , and other electronic products . some of its products are highly competitive in the international market . after listening to an account given by the official responsible for the konka group yesterday , jiang zemin spoke highly of the enterprise , saying that it is a very good enterprise which has focused on hi - tech development and which dares to compete with international hi - tech enterprises .
he said that the development of national hi - tech undertakings would be one of the priorities of china 's economic development in the new century .
jiang zemin said , $number , hi - tech development needs perfect policies and planning ; $number , it needs increased capital input in science and technology ; $number , while training people at home , it is necessary to invite hi - tech personnel from abroad ; and $number , it is necessary to strengthen hi - tech education among all the people .
he wanted to take the opportunity of the southern trip to attain the important objective of launching the nationwide development of hi - tech industry and " setting off a trend of hi - tech development . " at the end of last month , jiang zemin made an inspection tour of beijing 's zhongguancun , which is known as china 's silicon valley . he showed great interest in hi - tech industry . jiang zemin told the officials who accompanied him that in the new century , creation , possession , and application of knowledge and intellectual resources increasingly will become the essential motive force pushing economic development and social progress .
in recent years , shenzhen has focused its attention on developing hi - tech industries . according to relevant shenzhen statistics , the city 's hi - tech industries account for $number percent of the economy . this figure far exceeds other cities in china , including shanghai 's pudong , on which jiang zemin placed great hopes . for this reason , jiang zemin in particular stayed in shenzhen for a few days .
deng xiaoping 's talks made during his southern trip $date exerted a far - reaching influence on china . jiang zemin 's current trip to guangdong and particularly what he heard and saw about shenzhen 's hi - tech development , will be discussed at the upcoming national people 's congress . it is estimated that vigorous development of hi - tech industries will be the focus of china 's five - year national economic plan , which is still in the drafting stage .
following the central commission for discipline inspection 's deployment of massive forces to investigate the xiamen yuanhua smuggling case , the commission now has urged guangdong to investigate and handle the smuggling case involving li jizhou .
reportedly , guangdong has prioritized the case in this year 's anticorruption drive , and has achieved some progress . two directors of the public security bureau of qingyuan city were involved in the case and arrested . reportedly , a guangdong official 's involvement in li jizhou 's case of shielding smuggling has been listed as a major case by guangdong 's anticorruption organs , following the eruption of the zhanjiang smuggling case $date , and massive forces have been deployed to investigate and handle the case .
guangdong 's efforts to investigate and handle the li jizhou case has achieved some results , and found the case involving several cities such as shenzhen , guangzhou , and qingyuan .
businessmen involved gave list of corrupt officials .
reportedly , when li jizhou , former vice minister of public security , took the post ( temporarily and concurrently ) of deputy director of the guangdong public security bureau , he made the acquaintance of a car dealer . li jizhou took advantage of his power and shielded the businessman 's smuggling .
the businessman was arrested at the end of last year and admitted that responsible officials from shenzhen and guangzhou customs were involved .
now , deputy director wang keguang takes charge of shenzhen customs . one deputy director of guangzhou customs was also ordered to confess within a certain time in a certain place . according to investigation , the two consecutive public security directors of qingyuan city were both involved . one of them , xiao shimu , member of the qingyuan city party committee standing committee , secretary of the city political and legal commission , and director of the city public security bureau , was suspected of receiving bribes and shielding smuggling .
he was suspected of being involved in smuggling $number cars , and the money involved reached $number yuan . xiao shimu has been arrested . the predecessor of xiao shimu named zhou has also been arrested for involvement in smuggling .
reportedly , the case is widespread , and some responsible officials from respective departments of the people 's liberation army general departments are also involved .
it is said that beijing has ordered the guangdong authorities solemnly investigate and handle the case . whoever is involved will be investigated thoroughly .
the white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " was released recently . this is another important historical document after the release of the white paper entitled " the taiwan question and the reunification of china " released by the chinese government in $date .
we believe the release of the current white paper is of positive and important significance to the solution of the taiwan issue at an earlier date .
$number , the general election for a new leader in the taiwan region will be held soon .
selecting what kind of leader and implementing what kind of policy on mainland affairs to change cross - strait relations from " crisis " to " a turn for the better " and to ensure peace in the taiwan strait and a long period of social stability in taiwan will be a major question which concerns the welfare of chinese people on both sides of the taiwan strait , especially chinese people living in the taiwan region .
$number , now hong kong and macao have all been smoothly returned to china and both sides of the taiwan strait will join wto .
the former has proven by reality that the reunification of china according to the principle of " one country with two systems " is totally feasible .
although the taiwan issue is different from the situation of hong kong and macao , but the difference must never be used as a pretext to reject peaceful reunification .
if taiwan , hong kong , macao and the mainland of the motherland are combined and cooperation among all regions is strengthened , we are convinced it will be beneficial to economic development in all places .
$number , reform and opening up on the mainland of the motherland are being deepened and expanded .
reports from foreign news agencies note that the year $number will be an " economic year " for china .
china will formulate the " $number five - year plan , " promote a plan of " great development in the western region , " and accelerate the three major reforms including the reform of state - owned enterprises .
in the meantime , the newly elected leader in taiwan will also step up efforts to promote taiwan 's economic construction .
if cross - strait relations can be improved and developed under the principle of " one china , " we are convinced that it will definitely create new opportunities for cooperation and the two sides can work together to revitalize the chinese nation .
one china is the core content of the white paper .
whether taiwan and the mainland belong to " one state " or " two states " is not a general question . instead , it is a question of principle and the cardinal issue of right and wrong .
this is an unavoidable question which must be answered by all chinese people , including compatriots in taiwan .
taiwan 's authorities said : " the republic of china has been an independent , sovereign state $date . "
however , people all know that the " state " and the " government " representing the state are two different things .
historically , the " government of the republic of china " had represented china , but as early as $number the government was overthrown by the people of the whole country and was replaced by the people 's republic of china . even mr. chiang kai - shek , " president of the republic of china " could not but admit that " the republic of china has been destroyed [ mie wang $number $number ; as published ] " and that he himself was " a citizen of a fallen state " shortly after escaping to taiwan .
now the taiwan authorities ' so - called " republic of china " is in fact nothing but a historical issue left from the civil war between the kuomintang [ kmt ] and cpc . it is illegitimate according to either domestic or international law and it fundamentally has no right to represent china .
this is even more absurd and ridiculous . did the kmt regime in taiwan ever govern taiwan before recovering taiwan from japan ?
did people now in taiwan paid any taxes to japan ?
since they never did , how could they take taiwan back ?
likewise , the new china 's government never governed hong kong or macao and people there had never paid any taxes to the new china before . however , the new china still had the right to take hong kong and macao back , but taiwan 's kmt regime could not do so .
the reason is quite simple . state sovereignty can only be exercised by the government representing the country . when the old government was overthrown , naturally only the new government could replace the old government to exercise sovereign rights .
being afraid to face reality , resorting to sophistry in self - justification , distorting the truth and deceiving the people are the most miserable things done by taiwan 's ruling authorities .
now in taiwan , due partially to the opinions of those who have already gained political benefits and because of those people 's distorting facts and misleading and deceiving the people , a serious situation of confounding right and wrong has emerged in taiwan . the most conspicuous thing is turning things upside down toward questions of what is " love for taiwan " and what is " harm for taiwan . "
those who identify themselves with china , advocate " three exchanges " and support reunification and " one country with two systems " are often called " members of the faction that calls for reunification at an earlier date " and are described as people who will " harm taiwan , " " sell taiwan , " and " bring calamity to taiwan . "
meanwhile , there are plenty of such things as " taiwan $number , " " giving priority to taiwan , " and " a community of life in taiwan . "
on relations between two sides of the taiwan strait , such things as " a split of administration , " " two equal entities , " " joint exercise of sovereignty , " " not under the jurisdiction of either side " have emerged and even open advocacy of " two states " have been dished up . the situation is indeed to confuse right and wrong and is absolutely ridiculous !
all people in taiwan are chinese . the difference is only who went there earlier and who went there later . there is no difference between taiwanese and chinese .
people on both sides are of one blood , are bound together in a common cause , and have gone through thick and thin together .
those who practice separatism in taiwan set " love for taiwan " against " love for the motherland " and turned " love for taiwan " and " harm for taiwan " upside down . they have not only created ideological confusion and " conflicts among different clans and groups " in taiwan , but also caused a situation of discord and tension on cross - strait relations .
this is definitely undesirable . whether those people in taiwan " love taiwan " or " hurt taiwan " depends on their action , not their words . we should see from their action whether they can truly protect people 's rights and interests in taiwan , link " love for taiwan " with " love for the motherland , " integrate taiwan 's local interests with the fundamental interests of the entire chinese nation and guarantee a long - term peace and prosperity for taiwan 's society .
all these can only be done by adhering to and protecting the principle of one china .
therefore , whether those people can adhere to and protect the principle of on china or not divides those who truly love taiwan and those who falsely love taiwan .
it is precisely stated in the white paper released at this time that the principle of one china is the foundation stone of the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan and that only by adhering to the principle of one china , can we realize peaceful reunification .
nevertheless , judging from policies of principal candidates in the upcoming taiwan 's general election on mainland affairs , lee teng - hui 's [ li teng - hui 's ] " two states theory " still influences many people and cross - strait relations are still full of hidden worries .
for instance , some candidates are still defending lee teng - hui 's " two states theory , " saying it is a " practical and self - determined position . " some people consider relations between the two sides of the strait as " quasi - international relations on the basis of relative sovereignty . "
the democratic progressive party 's [ dpp 's ] candidate chen shui - bian [ ch 'en shui - pien ] , who is in perfect harmony with lee teng - hui , has repeatedly acclaimed lee teng - hui 's " two states theory . " he carries the " taiwan independence party platform " and clamored that " taiwan has become an independent sovereignty state . "
all these have shown that we must not let down our guard toward the situation within taiwan at present .
what particularly worth noticing at present is a " joining force " by kmt and dpp . " in other words , kmt is " converting into dpp " while dpp is " converting into kmt . "
the kmt 's " two state theory " and dpp 's " taiwan independence argument " are getting closer .
the " separatist theory " advocated by them is definitely not " loving taiwan " but " bringing ruin " to taiwan . "
we can only place our hopes of taiwan 's future and the reunification of the motherland on people in taiwan who have the honorable tradition of patriotism .
only when people in taiwan are truly awake and take effective action can all kinds of pernicious influence and harm of separatism be thoroughly eradicated , and only thus can we maintain and adhere to the principle of one china and have real hope for the peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait .
fengnan , $date ( xinhua ) - - zhu rongji , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , recently conducted investigation and study of " three stresses " education in fengnan city , hebei province , in accordance with the unified arrangement of the central authorities and delivered a mobilization speech at a meeting of fengnan city leading cadres on " three stresses " education .
he stressed : carrying out " three stresses " education in a thoroughgoing way is an important ideological , political and organizational preparation for our party to usher in the new century and fulfill its new historical missions . therefore , a solid job should be done in carrying out " three stresses " education in line with the arrangements of the party central committee and the spirit of general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech .
fengnan city is a county - level city under the jurisdiction of tangshan city , hebei province .
since the drive of reform and opening up to the outside world was launched , fengnan city has scored remarkable achievements in economic construction and social development .
the moment he arrived in tangshan city the afternoon of $date , zhu rongji listened to the reports of the provincial party committee and the tangshan city party committee and studied the issue of " three stresses " education in fengnan city .
accompanied by ye liansong , secretary of the hebei provincial cpc committee and governor niu maosheng , zhu rongji listened to the reports of the fengnan city cpc committee and city government on party building and the preparatory work of " three stresses " education the morning of $date and discussed the issue with them .
he delivered a mobilization speech at the meeting on " three stresses " education , which was attended by $number leading cadres of fengnan city , the afternoon of the same day .
in his speech , zhu rongji comprehensively expounded the great significance of carrying out " three stress " education in a thoroughgoing way .
he urged the leading body and leading cadres of fengnan city to deepen their understanding , unify their thinking , and do an earnest and good job in carrying out " three stresses " education in the spirit of being highly responsible for the party and the people .
he stressed : it is imperative to fulfill the requirements of the party central committee on " three stresses " education in a comprehensive way and solve the pronounced problems in party spirit and party conduct in the leading body and among leading cadres with the stress on politics at the core .
we must persist in setting high demands on and be strict with ourselves .
through " three stresses " education , we must see to it that there are a marked ideological improvement , marked political progress , marked upgrade in work style , marked enhancement in discipline awareness , and a marked improvement in the relations between the party and the masses and those between the cadres and the masses .
zhu rongji urged the hebei provincial cpc committee , the tangshan city cpc committee , and the fengnan city cpc committee to effectively strengthen leadership and ensure that the task of " three stresses " education is completed successfully and with good results .
sheng huaren , zhang zuoji , wang chunzheng , jia jun , wei liqun , and li wei accompanied zhu rongji in conducting investigation and study of " three stresses " education in fengnan city and also attended the meeting of leading cadres on " three stresses " education .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - central military commission chairman jiang zemin recently signed an order to promulgate the implementation of the " program on building headquarters of the chinese people 's liberation army . "
the promulgated " program on building headquarters " is $number law specially regulating and guiding the construction of the commanding headquarters in the history of our army .
it has inherited and incorporated the fine tradition and fresh experience of our army in building the headquarters . it is very strongly characterized by ideology , regulation , and guidance , and is the primary basis for our army 's construction of the headquarters during the new period .
the " program on building headquarters " upholds the guidance of mao zedong military thought , deng xiaoping 's thinking on army building during the new period , and a series of jiang zemin 's important expositions on army building ; is based on the military strategic principle in the new period ; and adopts the principle of building a quality army and strengthening the army with science and technology , thereby making a unified standard for comprehensive construction of our army 's headquarters .
the " program on building headquarters " comprises a total of eight chapters and $number articles . it mainly regulates the generality of army headquarters ' building ; focuses on reflecting the general rules of the building of headquarters of all categories at all levels ; and further identifies the objectives , principles , tasks , and demands for trans - century development for headquarters ' building .
the " program " goes into effect from the date of its promulgation .
guangzhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - zhang changli , chairman and president of huali industrial company limited in shunde city , guangdong province , colluded with a bank official to illegally gather capital amounting to $number yuan by offering high interest rates .
recently , the shunde city people 's court in guangdong province sentenced zhang changli to $number years in prison and ordered him to pay a fine of $number yuan on charges of illegally soliciting funds from the public .
zhang changli fled the country after his case was uncovered in $date .
in $date , public security organs , through interpol , asked police in new zealand , cuba , tonga , thailand , and malaysia to assist in tracking down zhang changli .
with the help of the police in a southeast asian country , chinese public security organs arrested and extradited zhang changli back to china in $date .
upon examination , the court found out that in $date , zhang changli and he yingzhi ( already sentenced ) , then director of the beijiao office of china construction bank 's shunde city branch , decided to use the name of huali industrial company limited and high interest rates to attract external capital deposits in the beijiao office of china construction bank , which could then be transferred to huali industrial company limited .
from $date , huali industrial company limited , on the pretext of setting up a " spark science and technology network , " publicized an investment scheme promising $number - to $number - percent interest rates . subsequently , some units and individuals from anhui , jiangxi , shaanxi , and guangdong deposited their money in the beijiao office of china construction bank . in return , the beijiao office issued the depositors with current deposit passbooks .
at the same time , the depositors were asked to sign a document promising not to withdraw their money before a certain prescribed period .
after finishing the paperwork , huali industrial company limited paid the depositors either the high - interest portions or all interest in advance . when their deposits reach maturity dates , depositors might go to the beijiao office to withdraw their principal or remaining interest with their passbooks .
he yingzhi instructed relevant personnel at the beijiao office to transfer $number depositors ' current deposits , amounting to $number yuan , to huali industrial company limited , in violation of the financial administration system and by means of non - passbook account transfers .
after receiving the funds and paying off some high interest and deposits that had reached maturity , huali industrial company limited used the rest of the money for its day - to - day operational expenses and investments across the country . the money , amounting to $number yuan , was not recovered .
since the case came to light , huali industrial company limited still owed depositors approximately $number yuan .
the court maintained that zhang changli disregarded state laws , colluded with china construction bank 's beijiao office official , and exploited the bank 's legal status and prestige to violate state laws and regulations , illegally solicit deposits from the public , and disrupt the financial order , thereby constituting the crime of illegally soliciting deposits from the public .
zhang changli 's case of illegally soliciting deposits from the public was an economic crime that severely violated the state financial administration system and disrupted the financial order , incurring enormous losses of state , collective , and personal property .
the successful investigation and trial of zhang changli 's crime fully indicates our government 's determination to severely crack down on economic crimes and safeguard the healthy and orderly development of the socialist market economy .
according to statistics prepared by the chinese customs , the volume of china 's exports with the united states this $date hit $ $number , up $number percent over the same period last year .
china 's gross import and export volume with the united states last year surged $number percent to $ $number . exports to the united states saw a $number percent increase to $ $number , with a net increase standing at $ $number .
the proportion of exports to the united states to china 's total export value went up from $number percent $date to $number percent . the united states thus has become china 's $number largest trade partner and the biggest export market . imports were valued at $ $number with a net increase of $ $number , up $number percent . the proportion of imports from the united states to china 's gross import value grew from $number percent $date to $number percent .
china 's trade surplus with the united states $date hit $ $number .
among china 's exports to the united states , the value of processing trade products was $ $number , accounting for $number percent of the gross value of exports to the united states , $number percent of the gross national export value of processing trade , and $number percent of the exports to the united states .
among china 's imports from the united states , the value of processing trade products reached $ $number , $number percent of the gross value of imports from the united states .
the value of general trade imports came to $ $number , up $number percent , and accounting for $number percent of the total value of imports from the united states thus putting an end to the downward glide that has been going on for three years running .
analysis shows that the value of china 's favorable balance of processing trade with the united states amounted to $ $number , which constitutes the main source of china 's foreign trade surplus .
the value of the unfavorable balance of other items of trade with the united states stood at $ $number .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - nowadays , going online to communicate with the deputies and members attending the " two sessions " has become one of the popular methods for more and more people in beijing , shanghai , and other areas to participate in or discuss government and political affairs . a short telephone line not only provides the government with a channel to " pass on the situation at the top to the bottom and convey the situation at the bottom to the top " but also places the hearts of the masses and the deputies and members closer to each other .
zheng yunmei , deputy director of information bureau of the general office of the npc [ national people 's congress ] standing committee , told this reporter that the website " china npc news " introduced last $date has been visited by a large number of people .
having offered nearly $number columns , including " legislative work , " " supervision over law enforcement , " " tracking bills , " " letters from masses , " " information bank , " and so on , the website has not only enhanced exchanges between the npc deputies in their work but also , more importantly , forged closer ties between the npc deputies and the masses .
through the website , the masses have put forth a large number of constructive views and have reported the difficulties and problems they have encountered in daily life to the npc deputies . for instance , they have reported the problem of some local governments violating the law or disciplines , the problem of farmers shouldering too heavy a burden , and various other problems .
this year , when they held " two sessions , " beijing and shanghai each introduced a website with columns on the " two sessions , " which became a popular website again . through " online chat room on ' two sessions ' " and " online forum , " the people 's congress deputies and cppcc [ chinese people 's political consultative conference " committee members gave heed to the views of the masses and answered questions of concern to the masses on the spot .
the masses also set up " e - mail box for two sessions " or " voice of web users " at the websites through which they put forth in e - mail messages ranging from a few sentences to $number characters their views or proposals on issues like the state - owned enterprise reform , culture , education , comprehensive management of the urban environment , party style and clean government building , social order , social security , reemployment , housing reform , and so on .
statistics showed that the " two sessions " column of beijing 's website " window of capital " alone had received some $number e - mail messages and on $date , its site visit topped $number person times and nearly $number people visited the website " voice of web users . " on the day its people 's congress session was declared open , shanghai 's " people 's congress " website received $number e - mail messages containing proposals and congratulatory letters .
during their " two sessions , " their websites were visited $number thousands times a day .
what was amazing to the people going online was that the beijing and shanghai websites each published a note on their homepages , reading " the people 's congress deputies and cppcc committee members will answer your questions during the sessions " or " perhaps , your proposals will become a bill for discussion by the deputies , " which quickly turned into a reality .
shi dingguo , a deputy of the beijing municipal people 's congress , gave a timely reply to " several proposals on beijing 's afforestation work , " a message sent by a citizen undersigned as " xiao feng , " and thereby became $number deputy to communicate with the masses on the internet during the beijing municipal people 's congress session .
during the " two sessions , " quite a few e - mail messages received replies from the municipal people 's congress deputies and cppcc committee members and some problems were also resolved with the help or under the supervision of the deputies and members .
a beijing citizen had complained about a restaurant downstairs , saying that it was noisy and its oil smoke had harassed the residents to a serious extent .
li disheng , vice chairman of the beijing municipal cppcc committee , immediately sent a reply , saying that the problem would be looked into and tackled .
shortly afterwards , it was learned from the departments concerned that the restaurant , which had harassed the residents , had stopped its business for rectification .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the party central committee and the state council recently decided to conduct exchanges and reshuffles of the major leading cadres of some financial institutions , including the china securities regulatory commission , the four state - owned commercial banks , and the china agricultural development bank , as well as members of the leading body of the people 's bank of china . meanwhile , they also replenished the leading body of the financial work committee of the party central committee . the number of the major leading cadres of the financial departments being exchanged was the largest in many years .
the party central committee and the state council decided that comrade zhou xiaochuan serves as chairman of the china securities regulatory commission ; comrade jiang jianqing president of the industrial and commercial bank of china ; comrade shang fulin president of the agricultural bank of china ; comrade liu mingkang chairman and president of the bank of china ; comrade wang xuebing president of the china construction bank ; comrade he linxiang president of the china agricultural development bank ; and comrades liu tinghuan and wu xiaoling ( female ) vice governors of the people 's bank of china . they also decided that comrade zhou zhengqing would no longer serve as chairman of the china securities regulatory commission because his age had reached the limit for holding the post .
the party central committee also decided to appoint comrades chen yujie ( female ) , xie xuren , and wang chengming as deputy secretaries of its financial work committee .
since the initiation of the reform and opening - up program , especially since the party central committee and the state council held the national financial work conference $date , china has made notable achievements in the development of the financial work and the reform of the financial system .
financial departments have actively implemented the series of principles and policies of the party central committee and the state council and completed a great amount of work in deepening financial reform , rectifying the financial order , preventing and defusing financial risks , and supporting national economic development . this way , they have played a very important role in strengthening and improving macro - control , supporting the reform of state - owned enterprises , and safeguarding social stability .
the recent exchanges and reshuffles of the major leading cadres of some financial institutions were decided by the party central committee and the state council after giving prudent consideration to all factors to meet the needs of work and comply with the characteristics and reality of financial institutions .
their method will help further develop the financial work , strengthen the leading bodies of financial institutions , train and bring up leading cadres , and make leading bodies younger in average age .
accompanied by ma zhongchen , secretary of the henan provincial cpc committee , and li keqiang , governor of the province , wen jiabao made an investigation and study of rural areas in zhoukou prefecture 's taikang , luyi , xiangcheng , xihua , and other counties and cities in henan to acquaint himself with the situation in the readjustment of the agricultural structure and the production of grain and cotton there $date . he visited villages and households and held informal discussions with grass - roots cadres and members of the masses on the plan for structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas .
in recent years , henan province has made remarkable achievements in using their own advantages and readjusting its agricultural structure .
he then pointed out : making structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas has a bearing not only on the stability and development of grain and cotton production across the country but also on the overall situation in the readjustment of the country 's agricultural structure .
the major grain - and cotton - producing areas should continue to fully use their advantages while making structural readjustment .
$number , it is necessary to shift from the general grain variety to a good - quality , special grain variety .
this is an important aspect of the readjustment of the country 's agricultural structure , and , more importantly , it is the main direction of structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas .
we should make vigorous efforts to improve strains by raising their quality and to develop grain and cotton production with good quality .
we should energetically do a good job in carrying out " project seed , " combine the breeding and multiplying of seeds with their popularization , and promote an industrial management of seed breeding , multiplying , and popularization so that peasants will be able to have improved seeds available quickly and inexpensively .
$number , it is necessary to shift from the simplistic grain and cotton production to the simultaneous development of a diversified economy .
we should adhere to the principle of not relaxing our efforts at grain production and vigorously developing a diversified economy ; we should be market - oriented and rely on science and technology to develop leading industries , and make sure that others do not have what we have and that what we have is better than others ' .
while developing a diversified economy , we must effectively protect our basic farmland , continue to step up the construction of agricultural infrastructure , and preserve our agricultural - production ability .
$number , it is necessary to shift from extensive to intensive farming .
while giving full play to the production scale of major grain - and cotton - producing areas , we should pay close attention to quality , cut the cost , improve the efficiency , and increase our market competitiveness .
$number , it is necessary to develop the processing of agricultural and sideline products according to market demand and local conditions .
this will make it possible not only to increase the added value of agricultural and sideline products and peasants ' incomes but to provide a variety of high - quality agricultural products for consumers and to open an ever larger market for sustainable agricultural development .
for historical reasons , the agricultural structure of major production areas is rather simplistic . in the current situation in which grain and cotton are in excess supply , the task of structural readjustment has become ever more arduous .
the state should give the necessary support , step up the construction of infrastructure facilities and the ecological environment , improve the conditions for agricultural production , promote agricultural scientific and technological advances , and actively and steadily promote structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas .
wen jiabao pointed out : to accomplish the various tasks in agricultural and rural work in the new stage , it is necessary to effectively strengthen and improve the party 's leadership over rural work .
in the face of the strategic readjustment of the agricultural and rural economic structures , we should quickly change the ideas , concepts , leading methods , and the quality of cadres and the masses that are not compatible with the situation in structural readjustment and bring about a tremendous change in the way of thinking and working methods .
in conclusion , wen jiabao stressed : spring plowing will start soon , and people in various localities should vigorously take action , practically make preparations for spring plowing and sowing , and strive to wrest a good summer harvest of grain and oil - bearing crops in order to lay a foundation for a bumper harvest for the whole year .
stress should be laid on doing the following work well : $number . it is necessary to increase the guidance on structural readjustment , to dovetail production and marketing , and to assist peasants in solving problems in production .
agricultural departments at various levels should increase technical guidance , step up the popularization of new technologies , carry out various supportive measures , and regulate the supply of good - quality , special seeds . $number .
it is necessary to effectively strengthen wheat - field management .
agricultural technicians should be organized to check up on the growth of cereal crop seedlings , the soil moisture content , and plant diseases and insects in the field and to guide peasants in spring field management . $number .
it is necessary to ensure the supply of materials for spring plowing and sowing .
inspection should be effectively conducted of law enforcement concerning the market for materials for agricultural production , and efforts should be made to strengthen quality control , to straighten things out in the market , to crack down on the acts of making and selling fake goods according to law , and to make it possible for peasants to rest assured that the seeds , fertilizers , and pesticides they use are good .
credit cooperatives should take the initiative in providing credit for spring plowing and sowing .
accompanying wen jiabao on the inspection tour were ma kai , wan baorui , han changfu , wang mingyi , and other responsible officials of relevant departments .
this is the common understanding expressed by military and non - military experts at a discussion meeting held today in beijing .
on $number day after the release of the white paper by the taiwan affairs office and the information office of the state council , this newspaper 's editorial department invited experts and scholars from the institute of taiwan studies of the chinese academy of social sciences ; the institute of contemporary international relations ; the institute of strategic studies of the national defense university ; the department of strategic studies of the military science academy ; the china society for international strategic studies ; and a department of the general staff headquarters to a discussion .
meeting participants generally felt that the release of the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " is very essential and timely .
the meeting participants pointed out that following the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the task for settling the taiwan issue and achieving complete reunification of the motherland has entered a new stage .
against such a backdrop , it is very essential for the chinese government to release the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
these " three ifs " clearly announces the preconditions that will force us into adopting drastic measures , including the use of force . this is in fact our " cards in hand . "
on the issue related to the principle of the motherland 's reunification , we resolutely cannot compromise and make a concession .
the meeting participants also pointed out that the release of the white paper is a timely warning to taiwan 's separatist forces .
meanwhile , it has allowed the international community to have a better understanding of the chinese government 's stand on upholding the one - china principle and achieving peaceful reunification , and further recognize the error and harm of lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory . "
the release of the white paper is conducive to defending the interest of the country and people ; peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue ; and prompting the international community to understand and handle relevant issues on the one - china principle .
some of the military experts participating in the meeting said : after the release of the white paper , as soldiers , we feel that the responsibility shouldered by the people 's army is extremely heavy .
we must watch closely the development of the taiwan situations and make our contributions toward safeguarding the reunification of the motherland .
guangzhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - on $date of this year , guangdong province 's shunde city people 's court handed out a verdict on a case of illegally absorbing deposits in public in collusion with the banking staff and sentenced defendant zhang changli , director and concurrently general manager of guangdong 's shunde huali enterprise company ltd . , to $number years ' imprisonment and a fine of $number yuan in cash .
( $number ) in the summer of $number , a strange phenomenon emerged time and again in the beijiao office of the shunde city branch of the people 's construction bank of china in guangdong : the customers could not withdraw cash from their savings passbook at the bank .
meanwhile , the shunde city branch of people 's construction bank of china also received repeated complaints by the public , saying that guangdong 's shunde huali enterprise company ltd . had raised funds by offering higher interest rates in collusion with the personnel of the beijiao office of people 's construction bank at the expense of the bank 's reputation .
realizing the seriousness of the problem , the responsible person of the shunde city branch of people 's construction bank of china reported the case to the public security organs at once .
after carrying out extensive investigations , the public security organs found out and verified that $date , huali enterprise company ltd . had illegally absorbed deposits in public , totaling some $number yuan , in collusion with the responsible person of the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china and by offering higher interest between $number and $number .
by the time the case was exposed , the company had failed to repay deposits totaling some $number yuan .
being aware of his serious crime , zhang changli , director and concurrently general manager of huali enterprise company ltd . and also the prime suspect of the case of illegally absorbing deposits in public , immediately and secretly fled the country , carrying with him some funds .
in $date , shunde city 's public security organs listed zhang changli and other criminal suspects as wanted in the whole country with the help of the ministry of public security ; issued a red wanted circular with the help of interpol ; and began to investigate and pursue zhang changli with the help of the police of new zealand , cuba , tonga , kiribati , thailand , malaysia , and some other countries .
in order to avoid the pursuit , zhang changli spent a large amount of money and property to bribe or win over some people at higher levels in certain countries and even offered bribes to certain personnel of foreign police , which made the investigation work of our country 's public security organs more complicated and difficult .
by the end of $date , the public security organs had already found clues and learned that zhang changli had moved about in southeast asia with a forged western samoan passport .
on the early morning of $date , no sooner had the lane with zhang changli on board landed at an airport in a certain southeast asian country than our country 's public security personnel , who had been waiting at the airport , captured him .
on $date , helped by the police of the country concerned , they escorted zhang changli back to china .
( $number ) zhang changli had risen as leader of an enterprise run by the people during the big tide of market economy .
in $date , he set up huali enterprise company ltd . in guangdong 's shunde . he had obtained documents of approval from the relevant state departments through various channels and decided to build the " spark program network , " which was a huge project intended to link up the marketing networks of the country 's town and township enterprises and realize the large - scale product circulation for the country 's town and township enterprises .
zhang had decided to build a comprehensive " science and technology city under the state spark program " in shunde city 's beijiao industrial development zone , which involved a huge amount of funds . the big " spark program " project would need at least almost $number yuan of funds .
where could he raise such a huge amount of funds within a short period of time ?
in $date , zhang changli called on he yingzhi ( who has been sentenced ) , then director of the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china . the two men plotted and worked out such an " expeditious method " - - huali enterprise company ltd . would coordinate funds by offering higher interest and the funds would be deposited in the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china which would then transfer the funds to huali enterprise company ltd ..
by so doing , huali enterprise company ltd . would obtain funds and the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china would fulfill its deposit quota assigned by the higher authorities .
in $date , zhang changli sent people to spread the word in the society that " science and technology network under the spark program " would raise funds at higher interest between $number and $number .
within a short space of two - odd years , the units and individuals from anhui , jiangxi , shaanxi , hubei , hainan , guangdong , and some other provinces gradually deposited funds into their savings accounts at the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china .
the bank also issued savings deposit certificates to its customers and the customers to sign a written pledge , promising not to withdraw their " deposits " within a certain period of time .
in handling the " deposits , " huali enterprise company ltd . paid part of the higher interest to the customers in advance , promising to repay both the principal and the remaining interest to the customers who produce the deposit passbook to the bank on the agreed date .
later on , he yingzhi asked the staff of the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china to transfer without a passbook the funds into an account held by huali enterprise company ltd . in violation of the financial management system .
by $date when the case was exposed , huali enterprise company ltd . had illegally raised as much as some $number yuan in this way .
however , due to blind investment , zhang changli failed to achieve the expected high yields with the huge amount of funds he had raised with the result that huali enterprise company ltd . ran into financial difficulties .
as of $date or $date , huali enterprise company ltd . could no longer repay the due deposits to the customers and some customers time and again demanded repayment of their money from both the bank and the company and even reported the case to the departments in charge .
( $number ) as the violators of law shall be punished , zhang changli has been punished in accordance with the law in the end .
nevertheless , zhang changli 's case of illegally absorbing deposits in public laid bare quite a few problems which have provided much food for thought .
illegally absorbing deposits in public is a law - violating criminal activity which seriously sabotages state financial management order ; gathering a huge amount of funds by offering higher interest is bound to throw idle funds in society out of control ; and willfully raising interest is likely to give rise to unjust competition for deposits ; undermine the stability of currency value ; and disrupt the state financial order .
what is more serious is that the funds had been raised at the expense of the bank 's legitimate status and reputation among the enterprises and the public in the society . as the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china , which should also be held responsible for the case , also sustained heavy losses , the state - owned commercial banks have naturally seen their reputation compromised to a serious extent .
moreover , the process of illegally absorbing deposits in public also very often gives rise to other economic crimes .
originally , some enterprises or financial departments hope to rapidly coordinate funds . however , such a highly risky and illegal practice is bound to open a huge loophole in capital without exception sooner or later and a snowballing effect is likely to aggravate the malpractice further .
in order to block up a loophole , some people are bound to be tempted to commit bribery , graft , or swindle or engage in more serious criminal activities .
the state shall protect the legitimate income of individual citizens or units only and shall choose legitimate savings methods or other legitimate investment methods only .
though it was not at all clever , the method chosen by zhang changli and others had time and again succeeded and had been well received by some people . why ?
the reason is that zhang changli had taken full advantage of a small number of people 's psychological desire for higher interest . besides , seeing zhang shielded by the staff of certain financial organs , some people were willing take a chance even though they were aware that the method had violated the law .
zhang changli 's case of illegally absorbing deposits in public has again sounded a warning to the public : don 't rashly believe in certain people 's promise of higher interest . more importantly , people should see through the illegal activities conducted by certain individuals under the signboard of the state .
the net of justice is wide but not loose .
statistics showed that $date public security organs across the country seized a total of $number economic criminals and captured $number suspects of economic crimes from nine foreign countries or overseas regions .
zhang changli 's case has once again shown that no matter how cunning they are or no matter which end of the earth they flee to , economic criminals will still be unable to escape the just trial by the people and the stern punishment by the law in the end .
guiyang , $date ( xinhua ) - - in a recent exclusive interview with these reporters , liu fangren , secretary of the guizhou provincial cpc committee and chairman of the standing committee of the provincial people 's congress , said that for guizhou , the large - scale development of the western region means severe challenges as well as a golden opportunity .
he held : the main tasks of this strategy , such as accelerating infrastructure construction , strengthening the protection and improvement of the ecological environment , readjusting the industrial structure , developing science , technology , and education , speeding up the training of qualified personnel , and opening wider to the outside world , accord very much with the actual needs of guizhou 's development .
guizhou , an inland province , is not along a border , river , or sea . owing to the effects of natural , geographical , and historical factors , guizhou has lagged behind in economic and social development for a long time .
the area of the province is $number square kilometers , $number percent of which are lofty ridges and towering mountains .
liu fangren believed : the key factors restricting the development of guizhou are poor transport facilities and inadequate information .
in recent years , the provincial party committee and the provincial government have been exerting themselves to carry out the construction of highways , railways , airports , water transport , and other infrastructure facilities . in guizhou , historic changes are taking place in transportation .
take the four - d - class [ as printed ] guiyang airport , which went into operation two years ago , for example , the number of passengers carried increased $number $date to $number $date . the airport has played an important role in opening guizhou wider to the outside world .
liu fangren described a grand blueprint for guizhou 's transport construction : the main task of highway construction is to build a expressway system with " a south - bound highway to the sea , a north - bound highway to chang jiang , and the south - bound highway connected to the north - bound one and a east - bound highway to a west - bound one . "
during $number five - year plan period , guiyang has been a major site for railway construction in the southwest region , and the state had invested $number yuan in this regard in guizhou , accounting for $number percent of the state 's total investment in railway construction in the southwestern region .
the zhuzhou - liupanshui , neijiang - kunming , and shuicheng - baiguo railways and the two major marshaling yards at guiyang and liupanshui have been started at the same time , and a massive force of railways builders are fighting a great battle in guizhou 's lofty ridges and towering mountains .
the construction of the chongqing - huaihua railway , which will go through guizhou 's tongren prefecture , is expected to be started this year .
$date guizhou will become the province with the highest railway density in the western region .
liu fangren indicated that guizhou would invest a large amount of money in dredging the channels of nanpan , beipan , hongshui , and wujiang rivers , building or making preparations for building airports at tongren and in southern , southeastern , and southwestern guizhou , constructing a three - dimensional transport system consisting of land , water , and air transportation in order to make guizhou the " south - bound big thoroughfare " for opening the southwestern region to the outside world as soon as possible .
the guizhou plateau is the watershed between the two major river systems of chang jiang and zhu jiang .
strengthening the protection of ecological environment and controlling soil erosion are an important task in implementing guizhou 's strategy for sustainable development , which also has a bearing on the overall situation in " lasting stability " in the vast lower reaches of chang jiang and zhu jiang .
liu fagnren said : guizhou now has $number mu of farmland , $number mu of which are sloping fields ; nearly $number mu are land on steep slopes above $number degrees , accounting for $number percent of the province 's total farmland ; guizhou 's area of soil erosion constitutes $number percent of its total land , with as much as $number tonnes of silt emptying into chang jiang every year . so the province 's task of returning farmland to forest and grass is very arduous .
liu fangren stressed : guizhou will resolutely implement the important policy decision of the party central committee and the state council concerning a natural - forest protection project , and it will start $number in areas along the lines of communication and in places for sightseeing and scenic resorts with better conditions .
at present , stress is to be laid on returning the reclaimed sloping land above $number degrees to what it was .
at the same time , greater efforts will be made to readjust the agricultural structure ; we will guide the masses of peasants in developing economic and fruit - bearing forests , chinese medicinal crops and herbs , and livestock products in order to increase their incomes . we will make sure that peasants can gain material benefits and free themselves from poverty step by step by returning farmland to forest and grass .
corruption is an inevitable issue that puzzles every country in today 's world including china , a developing country that is in the stage of big reform .
the reason why anti - corruption is still one of the major issues of the two plenary sessions of the npc and cppcc this year is because it is often discussed but remains a new topic and because it cannot be accomplished only at one stroke .
when talking about every task this year at the spring festival - greeting meeting , premier zhu rongji listed building clean and honest government and stamping out corruption as an important task . it is expected that it will still be a major issue in the government work report at the two plenary sessions of the npc and cppcc in the days to come .
china is conducting a series of important reforms . $number $number chinese people 's dream of building china into a powerful country relies on the reform as well as the effective administration of leading officials at all levels . not only would corruption influence the effective play of administrative efficiency but also would undermine fair social principles and political ethics and ruin the great cause of reform and $number millions chinese people 's dream of building china into a powerful country .
president jiang zemin seriously pointed out at $number plenary session of the central discipline inspection commission in $date that severe punishment must be conducted to deal with those who disregard the law and regulations and break the law . no matter who he is or no matter how high his position , anyone who deserves any punishment or severe punishment will receive it accordingly without mercy .
on $date , the former deputy governor of jiangxi province was sentenced to death by the jiangxi nanchang intermediate people 's court at $number trial on bribery charges and possession of huge amounts of property from unidentified sources . a working meeting on building clean and honest government was held in the state council on $number day after the release of the news .
premier zhu rongji pointed out at the meeting that our government is the people 's government and being honest and incorruptible is the basic requirement .
it was an important statement on this issue from the head of the government before the two plenary sessions of the npc and cppcc .
taking a broad view of the work of anti - corruption $date , we may say that considerable results have been achieved .
as data collected by the central discipline inspection commission shows , china 's law enforcement departments at all levels exposed , investigated and prosecuted a number of important cases that involved people in top jobs , big sums of money and large numbers of people and that were covert , complicated , and absolutely vile . among those who were punished , $number were cadres at the county level and above , $number were cadres at the region and department level , and $number were cadres at the province and ministry level .
besides the hu changqing case , typical big and important cases included the case of xu hongyun , deputy secretary of ningbo , who traded his power for personal gains ; jing deqing , former vice chairman of the board of directors of china international trust and investment corporation , who abused his power to embezzle huge amounts of public funds ; the exceptionally serious case of zhanjiang smuggling and accepting bribes ; as well as the case of daqing lianyi stock irregularities .
the policy of treating a disease by looking into both its root cause and symptoms and tackling a problem in a comprehensive way was further implemented .
the work of setting up a visible construction market was further carried forward . visible construction markets were set up at all cities at region level and above except $number that were approved not to be built , which effectively controlled corrupt dealings in building projects .
positive results were achieved in carrying forward the government purchasing system , account appointment system , audit system of economic responsibility of leading cadres during their tenures , as well as the system of open village work , open factory work , and open government work .
one should admit that the chinese government made great efforts and did a solid job in every step of fighting corruption in the past whole year , however , it 's impossible to accomplish the whole task at one stroke as the burden of anti - corruption is heavy and the road is still long .
the roots of corruption lie in the lack of effective power supervision while strong administrative power is one of the important factors that guarantee high efficiency of administration . whether to accept or reject power supervision should depend on the national conditions .
china is now in the stage of deepening reform and strong administrative power is the important factor of guaranteeing a smooth carrying forward of every reform measure . to achieve the relevant balance between strong administrative power and effective supervision requires taking relevant systematic and comprehensive reform measures and needs a certain long period in order to guarantee high efficiency in building clean and honest government and administering according to law .
anti - corruption will remain as one of those hot topics in the chinese society for a long time .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the central military commission sponsored a lecture on high - tech knowledge in beijing today .
zhang wannian , member of the political bureau and the secretariat of the cpc central committee and vice chairman of the central military commission , presided over and addressed the lecture .
fu quanyou and xu caihou , members of the central military commission , attended the lecture .
after hearing a lecture on network techniques given by relevant experts , zhang wannian delivered a speech . he pointed out : with the development of information and computer technologies , network techniques have developed very rapidly and permeated all fields of people 's life , yielding a comprehensive and profound impact .
we should fully understand the impact caused by the rapid development of network techniques on the military , economic , ideological and cultural fields , study the application of network techniques , accelerate the development of computer network techniques with the characteristics of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] , accelerate the process of the pla 's command automation , and strive to make a substantive breakthrough in a comparatively short time .
zhang wannian said : under the new situation , chairman jiang is paying the greatest attention to two historic problems - - namely , to win in a future high - tech war that might happen , and to maintain the people 's army 's character , true qualities and work style .
to solve the problems of " winning in war and being immune to degeneration " we must carry out chairman jiang 's important instructions on arming the pla with scientific theories and high - tech knowledge .
we should take full advantage of network techniques and strive to improve the results and efficiency of our learning scientific theories and high - tech knowledge .
to do a good job in arming ourselves with scientific theories is the ideological basis and important guarantee for " being immune to degeneration . "
the new century and the new situation have set higher demands on us and our army building and military struggle tasks have become even more arduous . all comrades in the pla , particularly the leading cadres at all levels , must persistently arm themselves with scientific theories , always firmly uphold the party 's absolute leadership over the army , and resolutely obey the command of the party central committee and the central military commission with comrade jiang zemin as the core .
we should treat the study of a series of chairman jiang 's important exposition on army building as an important part of our efforts to arm ourselves with scientific theories . at present , it is particularly necessary for us to seriously study his important speech on the " three stresses " education question , thoroughly understand its spirit and essence , and implement it in a creative way in light of the pla 's realities .
to arm the pla with scientific theories is intended to enable all comrades in the pla , particularly the high - ranking and middle - ranking cadres , to make new progresses in improving their knowledge on marxist theories and their political attainment , in integrating theory with practice and conscientiously remolding their world outlook , and in applying scientific theories in work and doing army building work .
zhang wannian emphasized : to do a good job in arming the pla with high - tech knowledge is a pressing need and important guarantee for " winning in war . "
chairman jiang has been calling on the pla to thoroughly learn high - tech knowledge and comprehensively apply science and technology in military training .
his call is based on a long - range strategic consideration .
all pla units must study to acquire high - tech knowledge and enhance their capability to win in a high - tech war .
the leading cadres at all levels in the pla must study to gain high - tech knowledge and enhance their ability of commanding and winning in a high - tech war .
in learning high - tech knowledge , the central military commission and all pla general departments should take the lead in creating a common practice and persist in study to spur on all pla units .
we must take the study of high - tech knowledge as a long - term and urgent strategic task and perform it persistently .
we should pay close attention to the latest development of science and technology in the world , particularly military science and technology . in light of our work and the pla 's realities , we should constantly know the trends of science and technology , constantly acquire science and technology knowledge , constantly improve the quality of our science and technology , and strive to gain an initiative in guiding the army modernization and future military struggles .
the leaders of the four pla general departments , major pla units in beijing , the armed police force , and the general office of the central military commission .
the cpc central commission for guiding the spiritual civilization building held its $number plenary session today to study the gist of general secretary jiang zemin 's important directive on strengthening and improving the ideological and political work , and to make work arrangements for further reinforcing the building of socialist spiritual civilization and for earnestly grasping the party 's ideological and political work under the present new situation .
ding guangen , member of the political bureau and member of the secretariat of the cpc central committee and chairman of the central commission for guiding the spiritual civilization building , presided over and spoke at the meeting .
ding guangen pointed out : attaching great importance to the ideological and political work is a fine tradition and a political advantage of our party .
upon its comprehensive analysis of the new situations in the country and the world , the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core has placed the task of paying close attention to the party 's ideological and political work before us as a major issue of an overall , strategic , and leading significance in china 's reform and construction .
he emphasized : the more we are engaged in deepening reform and expanding the scope of opening up and the more we are engaged in developing a socialist market economy , the greater a stress we should lay on the need to reinforce the work in this aspect .
we should stress this point frequently and repeatedly among the whole party , especially among our leading cadres .
we must act in line with the requirements of general secretary jiang zemin ; further enhance our political awareness , our awareness of overall interests , and our awareness of responsibilities ; regard it a major and urgent task to strengthen and improve the party 's ideological and political work , and see to it that the task can run through every aspect of the spiritual civilization building ; strive for tangible results with earnest efforts ; and provide both a strong spiritual driving force and a powerful ideological guarantee for accelerating reform and development , and for maintaining social stability .
ding guangen further pointed out : we need to base our efforts on the grassroots level when carrying out the task of strengthening and improving our ideological and political work .
it is important to launch more activities which suit the needs of the masses and are well - received by the masses . cities should lay stress on the work of their communities ; rural areas , on the work of their villages and towns ; and industries and trades , on the work of their showcase units .
we should devote greater efforts to propagating and spreading good experiences gained in the ideological and political work at the grassroots level ; and let the masses feel personally , through the things and people around them , that the ideological and political work is being reinforced in real terms .
we should closely integrate the ideological and political work with every aspect of our professional work , closely integrate solutions to ideological problems with solutions to practical problems , and closely integrate the need of educating the masses with the need of serving the masses .
we should show respect , understanding , and care for people ; be good at starting our work by attending the issues that the masses are most concerned , as well as the issues that are most closely related to the immediate interests of the masses ; and complete our work to the full satisfaction of the masses .
as regards the old - age population , laid - off workers , and the rural work force taking up employment in cities , we should master their state of mind at all times , show concern for their practical difficulties , and provide them with education and guidance with wholehearted enthusiasm .
we should reinforce the ideological work among young students , create a sound atmosphere for a healthy mental and physical growth of teenagers and youths , help them establish correct ideals and convictions , and reinforce their concept of observing discipline and the law .
it is imperative to build up a contingent of ideological and political workers at the grassroots level who maintain a close tie with the masses , care for the well - being of the masses , and are good at doing the mass work .
communist party members must set an example for the entire society to follow , while leading cadres are required to play an exemplary role for the whole party .
ding guangen stressed that we should reinforce our awareness of seizing positions , vigorously propagate the main theme of our time , go all out to develop the healthy tendencies in society , and give a wide publicity to advanced models and work experiences in the ideological and political field .
we should organize the writing of a number of articles which carry a lot of weight and show depth of thought , so as to provide the masses with clearly aimed and persuasive answers to the questions that they are most concerned .
we should publish a number of good books and produce good films and tv programs , so that we can exert a favorable influence on people 's character , make entertainment a medium of education , and enrich the cultural life of the masses .
exhibition halls , museums , science parks , libraries , cultural centers , cinemas , entertainment venues , and tourist spots should all become positions for the building of a socialist spiritual civilization .
the many activities launched in recent years have proved well - received by the masses and have yielded evident results , including the three major activities for building up a spiritual civilization ; the activity of " stressing on decorum and establishing new practices " ; the activity of " sending three services to rural areas " ; the activities of sending warmth , linking heart to heart , and joining hands ; the project hope ; the volunteers ; the activities of creating youth units where civility reign , five - good families , and star - class civilized households ; the activity of becoming civil servants who can work to the satisfaction of the people ; the activity in which the army and civilians are making joint efforts in building up spiritual civilization ; and the activity of ensuring no fake commodities in $number shops in $number cities .
ding guangen pointed out : we should conscientiously study " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on the ideological and political work " ; thoroughly study the new features , new forms , and new methods of the ideological and political work during the new period ; find out new laws of the ideological and political work in real terms ; and enhance the aim and effectiveness of the work .
in their implementation of the gist of general secretary jiang zemin 's important directives and the party central committee 's " several opinions on strengthening and improving the ideological and political work , " all departments and units should make concrete arrangements for strengthening their ideological and political work ; attend to the work with serious and persistent efforts , and in a well - planned way step by step ; join efforts and form a coherent force in promoting their ideological and political work ; and see to a sound work implementation and strive for tangible results .
members of the central commission for guiding the spiritual civilization building attended today 's meeting .
special article by zts reporter lin ying ( $number $number ) : " prc will usher in another wave of foreign investment a chinese expert recently forecast that china will usher in a new wave of foreign investment after its accession to the wto this year .
according to the recent statistics of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , up to the end of $number , foreign - invested enterprises approved to set up in china exceeded $number , and the foreign capital actually used amounted to $ $number .
last year , foreign capital actually used still maintained a considerable scale , reaching $ $number , making the prc $number only to the united states in the world in absorbing foreign investment for six years in a row .
china 's positive use of foreign capital has played an enormous role in promoting the national economic growth , precipitating the development of import and export trade , and increasing the number of people having found jobs .
the statistics demonstrates that last year alone , the total import and export amount of the foreign - invested enterprises reached $number , increasing by $number percent over the previous year , and accounting for $number percent of the total import and export amount of the entire country .
last year , the number of people employed by the foreign - invested enterprises accounted for $number percent of the non - agricultural population across the country .
affected by the lagging effect of the asian financial crisis , foreign capital actually used by china last year was nearly $ $number , decreasing by $number percent over the previous year , and showing negative growth for $number time in many years .
as analyzed by a pertinent expert , the reasons for the negative growth of foreign capital actually used in china last year were as follows : $number ) tremendous changes have taken place in the mode of international capital movement , and the international funds have returned to the developed countries , leading to the decline of direct investment in the developing countries .
$number ) about $number percent of the foreign capital used by china came from the asian region and , after the financial storm , the storm - afflicted asian countries further opened their markets and readjusted their economic structures , which has produced a certain negative impact on china 's absorption of foreign capital .
$number ) the founding of the regional bloc has expanded the internal capital flow , and particularly the activation of euro has accelerated the capital movement among the countries of the eu but relatively restrained the eu 's funds flowing from europe into other countries .
moreover , the improvement of the economy in europe has attracted a large amount of funds flowing into the eu countries , which has affected the investment in china with international funds .
$number ) the slowdown of china 's domestic demand and the comparatively rapid wage increase in the coastal developed areas have , to a certain extent , crippled the power of the china market to attract foreign capital .
nevertheless , the expert pointed out that the emergence of economic recovery in various asian countries and regions such as hong kong , rok , japan , and southeast asian countries would once again contribute to an increase of investment in china $date .
it is expected that after china 's accession to the wto this year , thanks to the reduction of tariffs and the abolishment of tariff restrictions , foreign export goods to china will increase , and china 's technology - and capital - intensive industries which lack competitiveness - - such as wool spinning , dyeing and finishing , chemical fiber materials , high - grade garments , and so on - - will be battered by the influx of foreign goods . their domestic production and supply will drop to some extent , and some foreign investors will make investments in china to produce relevant substitute goods , while making investments in banking , telecommunications , information , and other service industries .
along with its accession to the wto , china will open more domains to the outside world .
as disclosed by shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , at the national foreign economic and trade work meeting recently held in beijing , in light of the requirements of china 's national economic development and the commitment made to foreign countries on its acceding to the wto , china will continue to open more domains to the outside world in a planned way this year in such trades as banking , insurance , telecommunications , foreign trade , commerce , tourism , accountant 's office , lawyer 's office , and so on , allowing foreign investors to set up joint ventures , cooperative enterprises , and solely foreign - funded enterprises in these domains with expanded regions , increased numbers , and an enlarged range of business operations .
this new round of opening - up moves will provide new opportunities for foreign investors , thereby setting off another wave of foreign investment in china .
a magnificent full - strength sea drill organized by a certain submarine unit marked the beginning of the people 's navy 's massive scientific and technological training this year .
in order to fulfill the sacred mission entrusted by the party and the people and familiarize themselves with the sophisticated equipment , the officers and men of this submarine unit of the people 's navy - - reputed as the " underwater mighty force " - - have trained hard , with their competent professional techniques and brand - new tactics and methods of operation , to master the skills of winning sea operations under high - tech conditions . they have brilliantly completed a variety of major scientific research experiments and combat - readiness patrol tasks , such as submarine underwater carrier - rocket launching , underwater long voyage , and triphibian joint combat maneuvers . being a vital underwater assault force of the republic , they were cordially received by chairman jiang .
for three years running $date , this unit has been rated as an advanced unit in naval military training .
not long ago , the general staff department circulated a notice of commendation on their advanced deeds .
ranks $number in long oceanic voyage in mid - summer , at a certain military port in the north , vice admiral yang huaiqing , political commissar of the navy , and eight generals were standing at the $number years old military port that has experienced many vicissitudes of life .
today , the generals were going to greet the underwater pride of the republic who came back in triumph from the " underwater long $date . "
at $number , the officers and men of a certain submarine were steering the iron long whale slowly into the military port after fighting with the stormy sea for dozens of days and nights .
have not seen you for a long while , my dear ones !
have not seen you for a long while , motherland !
staring at the five - star red flag fluttering high above the military port , the officers and men could not help but have their eyes fill with tears .
this submarine is a piece of new main - battle equipment developed by our country .
in order to test its performance and underwater strike capability and test the combat strength and survival capability of officers and men , this submarine , with the central military commission 's authorization , carried out the special task of an " underwater long $date . "
" the success of this long voyage will become an important symbol of the people 's navy 's modernization drive . "
prior to setting sail , vice admiral shi yunsheng , commander of the navy , issued a marching order to the officers and men going on the long voyage .
underwater long $date is a matter of life and death .
for months , the officers and men - fighting with the stormy waves , keeping away from hidden reefs and crossing island chains deep down the ocean - had been exploring the way in unfamiliar waters , venturing into " deadly sea areas , " and struggling with pacific storms .
this is a test of the ultimate limit of the submarine , the crew , and the weapons .
when the countdown for the long voyage was marked with these words - - " one more day to go before the completion of the long - voyage task , " the officers and men could no longer hold back their inner excitement and joy : embrace the sunlight , embrace the land , give my dear ones a hug , this is a moment soon to come !
at that moment , liu guangyou , commander of the voyage and chief of the unit , was as excited as anybody else .
over the past dozens days and nights , the submarine was sailing across sea areas with numerous fishing boats , fishing nets , and drilling platforms , and that was so risky that he could not sleep for several days and nights . during a drill at a sea area $number meters deep down the pacific ocean , he directed it in a decisive manner , so that the submarine was able to tide over a precarious situation ...
as the oldest crew member and the supreme commander of this long voyage , the great effort he made is something conceivable .
however , just when the submarine was heading towards the motherland , liu guangyou suddenly issued an order of " extending the long voyage for five more days . "
liu guangyou was aware that with the extension of underwater navigation , there would be more and more mechanical breakdowns and a greater probability of dangerous happenings ; and his crew , who had used up much of their physical strength , had almost reached the very limit of endurance ...
but as a commander , he was more preoccupied with the thoughts that his unit should take advantage of the long voyage to undergo rigorous training close to actual combat .
at the mobilization meeting , liu guangyou said in a resounding voice : " if we stay one more minute under the sea , we will be a bit more certain of winning a naval war .
at this crucial moment of being put to the test by the party and the people , we must give a satisfactory answer ! "
upon approval of its request by the higher authorities , the submarine continued its long voyage .
" put the helm fully to port , twin screws up by two ! "
the submarine sailed deep down in the ocean again .
that day , the sea was overcast by dense fog , with less than $number meters of visibility .
the higher authorities ordered the submarine to launch a torpedo attack on an " enemy " frigate .
following submarine captain liu zimin 's " fire ! " order , two new torpedoes rushed straight to the target and buried the " enemy " frigate on the seabed .
the sun quietly rose above the horizon , and the submarine was slowly rising to the surface .
on the quay , welcoming bunting fluttered in the breeze and the celebrating sound of gongs and drums resounded through the sea and the sky .
with chest and head high , the officers and men stepped down from the submarine in proper order .
looking at the emaciated , unshaven faces and holding greasy dirt - stained hands , the generals were in tears .
during the " underwater long $date " that lasted dozens of days and nights , the officers and men of this submarine set six records in the people 's navy 's submarine history - the longest time of navigation , the longest voyage , the widest sea area crossed , the largest number of items tested , the most complicated waters navigated , and most weapons used .
over the past $number years , this submarine unit has successively organized dozens of oceangoing voyages , with all of its submarines having gone through the test of pacific storms , and set dozens of records in the building history of submarine units of the people 's navy .
science and technology training as the pioneer entering into this submarine unit , people will immediately sense the strong atmosphere of mass science and technology training . with a deeper understanding , people will praise , from the bottom of their hearts , what the unit has achieved !
in $date , a professor from the naval submarine academy specially came to a certain submarine to ask noncommissioned officer [ nco ] wang changlai about the operating procedure of a certain new type of torpedo and invite him to compile together teaching material for using the torpedo .
there is nothing new for this unit that college professors specially come for advice and equipment specialists come to ask for assistance in tackling difficult problems .
over the past few years , $number - plus officers and men of this unit have worked on their own or helped military academy and college professors to compile $number specialized submarine teaching material and programs , helped equipment research and development plants and institutes solve $number difficult technical problems , and made $number suggestions for equipment technology improvement .
wang changlai , $number , is the most senior submarine nco of the navy .
over the past $number - plus years , he , through assiduous self - study , has mastered the professional skills of firing four models of submarine torpedoes and become a " soldier professor " of high - tech equipment .
the three treatises compiled by him on his own - the " torpedo launcher training program " , " regulations regarding the application of launching tubes " , and " detailed rules for the maintenance of new - model torpedoes " - have been listed as teaching material for the training of the navy 's submarine units ; and with " quick torpedo firing " - a topic of study done by him , the preparation time for torpedo firing has been much shortened .
in recent years , wang changlai has trained $number - odd key torpedo specialists , and the incumbent torpedo squad leader of the unit was his " student " as well .
sonar is the " ear " of a submarine .
after becoming a sonar soldier , chou yuping is well aware of his heavy responsibility .
in daytime , he listened to recordings at the trainer 's room ; at night , he laid on his bed to listen to his own pulse ; when he went to sea , he practiced how to distinguish the noise of various sea and undersea targets .
a year later , he became very skillful in " determining what it is just by listening " .
last $date , chou yuping stayed in a submarine for six days and nights to ambush up to $number batches of sea and undersea targets , and every time he identified the targets accurately .
chou yuping has also compiled a two - volume " sonar operation manual " and published three academic theses .
the research and development program for a " logical - memory sonar tracking device " proposed by him draws much attention from sonar experts .
" as long as you are on active service , you have to think , rack your brains , be engaged in modernization " , this is the unit 's party committee 's demand on officers and men .
in order to arouse the enthusiasm of officers and men for science and technology training , the unit has carried out " $number - item three minors " [ bai xiang san xiao $number $number $number $number ] activities with minor creation , minor innovation , and minor invention as the theme .
$date alone , the unit made $number scientific and technological innovations .
submarine torpedo nco zheng wenfa boldly suggested the research and development of a set of new equipment for simulated submarine torpedo attack training .
upon getting the unit leadership 's approval , he began his hard struggle .
one time , he worked nine days and nights without a letup debugging a software program .
a year later , when zheng wenfa connected his newly - developed simulator with the torpedo attack director , they were incompatible .
he did not flinch from the failure .
he successively went to science research institutes in beijing and then shanghai to ask experts for advice and gather information , made $number - plus major changes in the design plan , and eventually solved the difficult problem of compatibility between the simulator and the director .
this set of simulated equipment filled a gap of new - model submarine training and , after putting to use , saved the state $number yuan of training expenses .
on $date , $number - odd experts and professors at home were in beijing to hold , for $number time ever , a high - level scientific and technological achievement authentication meeting for a submarine soldier .
soon afterwards , the navy formally reported this achievement to higher authorities as winner of the army 's science and technology progress class two award .
currently , every submarine of this unit has this kind of " soldier experts " like zheng wenfa - $number " live pipelines , " " live computers , " " torpedo good hands , " and " clairaudience " have become the masters of high - tech equipment ; a number of " soldier experts " and " solider professors " have become the trailblazers of modernized equipment .
training how to win in undersea battlefield at the turn of the century , in view of the profound changes in the military sphere and the great challenge of world military revolution , " members " of the unit 's party committee are soberly aware that to take on the sacred mission of winning future local sea war under high - tech conditions , it is necessary to tap the potential of existing equipment and create new methods of operation .
the south china sea , stormy sea and rapid waves .
following a several thousands nautical miles long - range raid , a new - model submarine led by unit chief liu guangyou , came here to take part in a real - strength drill on an unprecedented scale .
the submarine lay in ambush under the sea for five consecutive days and nights to launch $number long - range torpedo attacks on " enemy " naval vessels and submarines , directly hitting the targets $number times .
on the evening when the exercise was over , the moon cast its bright reflection in the water .
liu guangyou looked on the waves and could not sleep all night long .
what the exercise headquarters ' citation telegram brought him was not only joy .
at that moment , it was pressure that liu guangyou , who had gone to military academies four times for further studies and taken submarines to oceangoing voyages for a dozen times , felt the strongest .
in his mind : if we only train excellently with our own equipment , we will not be qualified for entering the high - tech battlefield ; to get the initiative in future sea war , we must train with several more methods of operation that are directed against the opponent 's equipment .
in $date , the unit 's party committee held three enlarged meetings to promote science and technology training .
at the meetings , liu guangyou unequivocally noted : " method of operation is the key to fighting for the battlefield initiative .
we can get it as long as we use our strong points to attack the enemy 's weak links ! "
" our sword may not necessarily be as good as others ' , but we must brandish our sword in a way better than others ! "
political commissar huang yaonian hit the mark with a single comment .
however , when the organ dished out a scheme to carry out large firing - range submarine torpedo attacks on over - water naval vessels , it evoked strong repercussions among some of the comrades : " the range of attack is even $number times higher than the excellent standard set by the training program , who can do that ? "
" torpedo attack has three great risks , how to tackle that ? "
faced with all sorts of anxiety and misgivings , the unit 's party committee sounded loud the slogan - " concept is combat strength , " asking officers and men to transform their five traditional conceptions , including " contending for $number place with their eyes fixed on the ' program ' " and " not engaging in subject training that success is uncertain . "
unit chief liu guangyou and political commissar huang yaonian said to submarine captains on many occasions : combat opportunities and risks coexist in high - tech war . in order to seize combat opportunities in future sea war , it is worth to take some risks now .
you just go ahead boldly , we will hold ourselves responsible if there is anything wrong ! "
in order to make a breakthrough in this highly - technical subject , the unit formed a " think - tank " made up of experienced submarine captains , key professional technicians , and staff officers and chief operators of the organ , who painstakingly devised three sets of implementation schemes , verified one by one carefully , and worked out appropriate measures for five situations that may arise .
on this basis , they organized officers and men to carry out simulated training $number times .
on the vast sea , the clouds were moving fast and the waves were roaring .
a formation of " enemy " vessels entered a sea area where we were lying in ambush .
with the suddenness of a thunderbolt , two of our submarines launched a preemptive attack on the " enemy . "
new - model torpedoes were fired one after another to blow the " enemy " vessels to pieces .
the new method of operation via large firing - range torpedo attack won $number battle , with the time of attack shortened by half compared with the past while the range of attack increased by several times !
to create a new method of operation that can win future high - tech war , we must not only take risks but also endure setbacks and failures .
being conditioned by its equipment performance , a certain type of submarine can only lay mines in shallow waters .
with the needs of actual warfare as the point of departure , leaders of the unit decided to implement a plan where the fully - loaded submarine would lay mines in great depth .
according to this plan , the mine - laying depth would be several times greater than normal .
however , $number great - depth mine - laying attempt failed !
in $date , hot summertime - - members of the standing committee of the detachment [ zhi dui $number $number ] , including unit chief liu guangyou and political commissar huang yaonian , repeatedly went to the submarine despite the high temperature to find an answer together with the officers and men .
" great - depth mine - laying is good for hiding , we cannot give it up . "
" in order to win tomorrow , we must readily endure the pain of failure today ! "
unit leaders and grass - roots officers and men gradually came to a common understanding , and drills on this new method of operation went on .
a new drill began .
the submarine went deep down the sea , $number meters , $number meters , $number meters ...
submarine captain yang huaijun decisively issued a " mine - laying " order .
in an instant , dozens of mines deep down the sea erected a protective screen that enemy vessels found it difficult to cross over .
the new submarine 's $number great - depth fully - loaded mine - laying was a complete success !
victory belongs to trailblazers bold in making innovations .
$date , this underwater mighty force achieved repeated successes in drills organized for various new methods of operation , including attack , mine - laying , and anti - submarine .
all these successes indicate that the people 's navy 's submarine unit has the extraordinary capability to attack its opponents !
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - addressing a national conference of nationalities affairs commissions on economic work which closed today , li dezhu , deputy director of the united front work department of the cpc central committee and minister of the state nationalities affairs commission , noted : as far as ethnic affairs are concerned , we must be brave in blazing new trails , boldly explore new frontiers , improve the quality of our work , thus make contributions to the large - scale development of the western region .
li dezhu called on nationalities affairs commissions at all levels to take the opportunity of the large - scale development of the western region to change their concepts , work style , and work mode , and liberate themselves from their conventional and habitual work mode .
they must strive to improve their work efficiency and quality , act as good consultants and assistants to the cpc central committee , the state council , and party committees and governments at all levels , formulate guidelines and policies that suit the needs of the times and the actual circumstances in ethnic areas , and do a better job in promoting a great economic and social development and prosperity in ethnic areas and in consolidating and strengthening the great solidarity among all nationalities .
li dezhu emphasized that in the large - scale development of the western region , it is necessary to uphold " five principles . "
$number , it is necessary to uphold the principle that development is the primary orientation and solidarity is a guarantee .
nationalities affairs commissions at all levels must seize the opportunity , always focus on economic construction as the center , proceed from the state 's major political guideline and from the actual circumstances of ethnic areas in the western part of the country , research into the policy and measures for expediting the development of ethnic areas , study specific issues such as reform and opening up , social progress , and key tasks that aim to help impoverished areas , and properly handle the relationship between development and unity .
$number , it is necessary to uphold the principle of adopting measures and giving guidance according to both local conditions and specific needs of different nationalities , and formulate practical policies to suit different cases in light of the actual circumstances and special characteristics of different areas and different nationalities .
$number , it is necessary to uphold the principle of placing stress on key links while taking all aspects into account , do a good job in ethnic affairs in the western region while taking care of ethnic affairs in the eastern and central regions as well , and truly give priority to speeding up both the improvement of minority nationalities and the development of ethnic areas .
$number , it is necessary to uphold the principle of combining long - term planning with short - term arrangements , and make medium - and long - term planning and formulate short - term plans always in light of the actual needs of ethnic affairs , and according to the state 's strategy , long - term planning , and stage - wise implementation programs .
in the meantime , it is necessary to work conscientiously to properly complete current jobs .
regarding the challenges and how to formulate countermeasures , these reporters interviewed li chunting , a responsible person of the bank of agricultural development 's [ bad ] branch organ in henan province , a major agricultural province ; this bank mainly provides services to agriculture .
li chunting said that in view of the series of unfavorable impacts that may follow accession to the wto , the bad should set to work as soon as possible , intervene ahead of schedule , and adopt effective and practical measures for preventing and defusing these impacts , so as to hold the initiative .
li chunting said in accordance with the " global financial service trades accord , " all member states must open up their financial services market at an appropriate time and in all - round fashion .
there are , however , conspicuous problems in china 's agricultural policy - style bank at present ; , it has too few fund - raising channels , its business scope is too narrow , its service methods are backward , and its service functions have weakened ; compared with foreign banks with a full range of functions , advanced technical equipment , and high service quality services ; once we join the wto , it will be in a bad way .
of course , policy - style banks have their own characteristics compared with commercial banks , but as banks , the most basic point is that they must conduct business according to the banks ' operational mechanism in order to promote their own development , otherwise they will not last long , and it is unrealistic for them to depend on reclining on the treasury and the central banks , as sooner or later they will be knocked out by the great tide of market economy .
the development course of many foreign policy - style banks in switching from single to comprehensive business proves this point .
hence , li chunting believes that to adapt to the requirements of wto accession , the bad must provide strong financial backing for the state in building a highly effective and secure grain and cotton reserve system .
in an open market environment , the government will mainly depend on the levels of the special reserves of grain , cotton , and other major agricultural products in exercising macroeconomic regulation and control over these commodities .
judging by current conditions in china , a grain reserve on an initial scale has formed due to the recent bumper harvests and the implementation of the policy of open purchase of the peasants ' surplus grain .
the amount of these reserves has already reached the $number percent proportion laid down by the un food and agriculture organization .
however , since china is a large agricultural country with a big population , there is a certain gap between our current reserve capacity and regulation and control measures on the one hand and our national condition on the other .
this is mainly shown in the following ways : the storage facilities are outdated , the distribution of networks and points is unscientific , transport dispatching is inconvenient , the grain variety structure is irrational , quality is not high , and regulation and control measures are backward . in view of all this , in order to be ready to withstand all kinds of pressures after joining the wto , it is essential to further strengthen the state special reserve capacity , and also to build a highly effective and flexible market entry and exit regulating mechanism , so as to stabilize the international and domestic agricultural product markets .
the bad must continue to provide great support for the procurement , storage , transfer and sale , import and export , and construction of storage facilities for the special reserve grain and cotton , and also do a good job in providing the relevant services .
as is known to all , since $date last year , japan , the united states and other members of g-8 have expressed , one after another , their willingness to invite china to attend this year 's g-8 summit to be held in japan 's okinawa in $date this year as an " observer . " germany , france and other countries even hope that china can join g-8 , thus expanding the organization to g-9 .
german chancellor gerhard schroder said : " judging from a medium - range point of view , i think we should seriously consider the question of whether or not china 's joining g-8 is meaningful . "
when he visited china in $date last year , he expressed the intention of asking china to join g-8 .
french president jacques chirac said : " in view of the fact that china has become a main force in preserving world stability , i am personally in favor of inviting china to join g-8 and forming a group of $number . "
therefore , china is necessary to express its own point of view .
zhu bangzao pointed out : g-7 ( the united states , japan , germany , the united kingdom , france , italy and canada ) was originally an organization to coordinate the internal economic policy and other matters of principal developed countries . later , russia has taken part in some activities of the organization and g-7 has become g-8 .
china has repeatedly expressed that it has no intention to attend the g-8 summit and its related activities .
people all know the position and views of china toward asia - pacific affairs and other major international issues .
the chinese side wants to emphasize that the important role of the united nations [ un ] and the united nations security council [ unsc ] in international affairs cannot be replaced .
the remarks by the chinese foreign ministry 's spokesman were quite equivocal . he emphatically pointed out the important and desirable role of the un .
people can remember that , last summer , following nato 's fierce air attacks against yugoslavia , g-8 were especially active and people saw an abnormal situation and were worried .
later , while the goal of fierce air attacks could not be reached , the us - led nato further used g-8 to mediate the kosovo crisis .
g-8 set a basic tone for solving the kosovo crisis and preset a framework for the un in solving the kosovo crisis . g-8 bypassed the un and unsc to handle the kosovo crisis . the action taken by g-8 seriously diminished the legality and authority of the un and damaged the system of protecting world peace and security under the framework of the un .
china cannot accept this kind of practice .
china is one of the five permanent members of the unsc with veto power on major issues .
g-8 bypassing the unsc to act last year was in effect bypassing china and weaken china 's legitimate rights to take part and exert its influence on major international affairs .
therefore , since last year , china has actively sought measures to alter this unfavorable situation in order to protect china 's interests .
on the one side , china has made efforts to protect the legality and authority of un and to reaffirm the correct track of handling world affairs by un at an earlier date .
on the other hand , china has also looked at reality in the face and recognized the increasingly important role of g-8 in the international arena . proceeding from the objective reality , china has strengthened contact with g-8 and strives to establish a long - term and stable mechanism of coordination and negotiation with g-8 in order to exert certain influence .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao not long ago noted that china attaches importance to the role of g-8 , is willing to strengthen exchange and cooperation with g-8 and hopes the host country will continue to inform china about their meetings before and after those meetings .
however , regarding certain g-8 members ' inviting china to attend the g-8 summit in the capacity of an observer or formally join g-8 , it is indeed a very complicated question .
based on china 's own interests , joining g-8 will give china more opportunities to express its views and exert influence on important economic , political and diplomatic affairs and other global issues and will have an additional place to deal with international affairs and a mechanism to coordinate foreign affairs and maneuver among major western countries .
in this way , china can expand its space of diplomatic activities , increase room for maneuver , further strengthen china 's position as a big country , reduce unfavorable factors and protect national interests to the maximum .
however , proceeding from international order , some people may have already noticed that if china joins g-8 there will be two international organizations both with the five unsc permanent members or two power centers . this will undoubtedly bring about problems to the establishment of a new international order and will seriously interfere with and be unfavorable to the normal international order and environment under the auspices of the un and unsc .
it appears that china will think more about the overall interests of the world and politely decline invitations to attend or join the g-8 .
china 's pork and eggs respectively account for $number and $number percent of the world 's totals ; china is indeed a major country for animal products , but not a power .
this is because the fact that china ranks $number in the world in this meat and eggs only refers to the amount ; china is also the most populous country in the world , and the consumption level per capital remains very low .
at present the prices of animal products in china are continuing to fall ; in a certain sense this means that are saturated with animal products and can slow down the development speed , but this is only relative saturation and a temporary phenomenon ; the $number chinese who have resolved their food and clothing problem cannot remain in the era of filling their bellies with rice and vegetables , and animal products will become essentials in daily life .
at the same time , china is facing accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] ; the prices of pork , eggs , wool and so on in their main producer countries are lower than in china ; once we join the wto , it will be hard for china 's animal products to enter the international market and there is also the risk that we may lose part of our domestic market .
we must therefore strive to enhance the market competitiveness of our livestock industry .
in that case , what are the new features of china 's livestock industry which is scattered into tiny pieces and which has undergone $number years of development , especially the extraordinary development of the past $number years , and what are the focal points in its development $date ?
i would like to analyze and probe this question here .
regionalization and formation into large scale is $number main feature of china 's livestock industry in the new era it is a chinese tradition for every family to raise pigs and every household to raise chickens .
however each household only raised one pig and a few chickens , and apart from the aim of collecting manure for the fields , they also had to fulfill the government procurement task ; this state of affairs lasted into $date ; the pattern was still that of every family and household raising pigs and chickens .
it was only after the deepening of rural reforms and the abolition of animal product procurement quotas that some of the peasants entered township and town enterprises or went into the towns to work as laborers or manage businesses and found new job opportunities , and that those laborers remaining in the rural areas split up , with some becoming big grain cultivators and others specializing in intensive vegetable and fruit production .
in particular , in some coastal provinces half the peasants no longer raised pigs and chickens , while there also emerged households or villages specializing in the livestock industry , with households raising $number pigs and $number chickens .
specialized livestock industry became still more prominent $date , and the status of this industry gradually rose from a former household sideline occupation to an industry with extraordinary vitality and relative independence .
the integration and industrialization of livestock raising also led forward and spurred the regionalization of the livestock industry and its formation into large scale .
pig - raising has developed rapidly in sichuan and hunan , and these two provinces rank $number and $number in pork production .
the livestock industry in shandong , henan , and hebei has registered all - round sustained development , and these rank among the top five in the country in production of pork and other meat ; egg production in those three provinces is particularly conspicuous , and they account for $number percent of total egg production of the $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities ; $number percent of the nation 's egg production comes from $number provinces , including those three , and $number percent of national meat production comes from shandong , sichuan , henan , hunan , and hebei .
what is particularly gratifying is that the three northeast provinces , which were originally big importers of animal products , now rank among the country 's top $number producers . meat production in jilin and liaoning respectively ranks $number and $number in the nation , and their granaries have turned into " meat stores . "
although china 's livestock industry still mainly consists of scattered operations at present , large - scale pig farms now account for $number percent of the total number of pigs ready for slaughter ; and regions with developed animal product processing industries now account for $number percent of large - scale stockraising .
in particular , poultry raising is even easier to organize on a large scale and in a specialized way ; the level of intensive rearing is high , and chicken farms raising $number chickens a year now account for $number percent of the chickens slaughtered in the whole country ; with the addition of chicken farms raising $number a year , the proportion of large - scale chicken raising is still higher .
in many localities the development of large - scale stockraising has resulted in taking the livestock industry out of the courtyard and the building up of relatively concentrated small stockraising areas ; this not only benefits the prevention and cure of poultry diseases but also optimizes the peasants ' daily life environment . $number .
operational marketization and industrialization has formed a new pattern in the animal product circulation setup after a number of provinces carried out experiments in pig procurement quotas $date , the procurement policies for the main animal products were in force for as long as $number years and played a special role as a measure for countering the economy of shortage .
this policy , however , led to seriously irrational distribution of animal products between the urban and rural areas , and there were many mistakes in taking simultaneous account of the interests of the agricultural producers and those of the urban consumers .
due to the shortage of grain , it was impossible to raise chickens in large numbers , and in many places the peasants bought eggs to sell to the state , and when they could not buy them they had instead to hand over the subsidy sum for the difference between the procurement price and the country market price ; this was a serious infringement of the peasants ' interests .
the procurement policies for the main animal products were abolished $date , and the basic role of the market in resource allocation was gradually brought into play .
in fact , the state - owned foodstuff companies developed a sense of crisis concerning their existence because of this move ; since operations are handled through a variety of channels , they have consciously intensified the reforms , and done everything possible to grow and develop amid competition and to grasp circulation and processing and also the production of animal products ; they have raised the banner of integrated production , processing , and sales of these products , actively taken part in competition , and found their own position amid the fierce market competition ; they have become a number of main players in the operations handled through a variety of channels ; and the state - owned foodstuff companies still play a leading role in the entire animal products business .
the foreign trade departments started relatively early to apply economic methods in handling animal products ; in particular , on the basis of the rather low prices in china , they procured high - quality products at relatively high prices for export ; at the same time there was the favored treatment in the state export policies , the general scale of animal product companies with integrated trade , industry , and agriculture was relatively large , and some of them developed into large state enterprises and became demonstration enterprises for the industrialization of the livestock industry .
the supply and marketing cooperatives have consistently taken part in handling animal products , but the biggest change after the reform compared with previously was that they changed from being purchasing agents into undertakings truly making their own decisions .
there are many supply and marketing cooperatives spread over a broad area , and like " rural cadres , " their staff get to know the state of the peasants and the state of agriculture and have plenty of experience in handling agricultural , livestock , and local speciality products ; they also have the tradition of disseminating advanced applied technology for agriculture and the livestock industry , and are listed with agricultural technicians as one of the two agricultural technology popularization forces in the frontline of agriculture .
the original foreign trade and state - run and cooperative commerce undertakings mentioned above expanded from circulation to the processing of animal products and livestock and poultry production and integrated operations , in order to consolidate their position and develop and boost their strength in handling animal products .
there is also another force , that is , the livestock breeding - industry - commerce companies at various levels , a new force which was separated from the agriculture and livestock administrative and management departments and directly engaged in livestock raising , processing , and sales .
they emerged in the years when procurement quotas were still being set for the main animal products ; they broke through the old pattern of only engaging in the livestock industry , and were $number modern enterprises to carry out integrated production and sales of animal products .
with their powerful strength in technical services and their channels for the import of fine - strain livestock and poultry , and their relatively early entry into market operations , it could be said that they had a considerable advantage by engaging in integrated market - oriented livestock raising - industry - commerce operations right from the start .
a number of livestock and poultry producers themselves were the largest operators in marketized operations ; developing from self - production and sales , large numbers of specialized households in livestock and poultry transport emerged as the times required , and this was a way of straight - line production and sales circulation , with the advantages of being flexible and speedy ; costs were low ; typical examples were the " million chickens advancing to south of the chang jiang " organized by a number of counties in north jiangsu ; " truckloads of porkers " rolling into guangdong from jiangxi and hunan ; and the hebei " egg army " encircling beijing .
this way of doing things achieved the dovetailing of scattered production with concentrated sales markets , reduced the links in the circulation chain , lowered circulation losses , and acted as a tremendous boost to developing the livestock industry .
although the degree of organization of individual transport was low , and there were even problems of abnormal operational behavior , it could succeed in complementing other circulation channels .
some which have developed relatively well have succeeded in integrating production , processing , and sales and in industrialized operations .
the industrialized operations of animal products are relatively easy to form into a large scale in agricultural industrialization , and the majority of well - known agricultural industrialization enterprises throughout the country are involved in the livestock industry . there are many successful examples of specialized operations , and there indeed also examples of failure .
urban large - scale livestock farms are the experimental grounds for china 's modern livestock industry in china , scattered livestock raising by peasant households is the main player in the livestock industry , with $number percent of porkers and $number percent of eggs being produced by up to $number scattered peasant households .
scattered stockraising is the main component , but the proportion of self - consumption by the producers is also high ; making a comparison , the amount of commodities provided to society by big producers and large - scale stockraising farms occupies a decisive position .
the switch of the livestock industry from scattered and extensive stockraising to large - scale stockraising , and from a family sideline undertaking to an intensive and modernized form is also a switch from traditional to modern economy .
this played a stimulating role in china 's use of advanced foreign technology , in the development of factory - style and modern pig - raising , and in enhancing livestock production levels .
the facts have told us that factory - style and modern livestock industry in china started with the outskirts of large cities ; agricultural and livestock technicians gathered in those places , which had the capacity to import and assimilate advanced international technology , and those localities were also consumer markets with advantages in overall amounts and in producing high - grade animal products .
as a result of the construction of several " shopping basket programs , " livestock and poultry production bases have extended from the inner to the outer outskirts of cities and into neighboring provinces , and this accords with the laws of the development of productive forces .
in the present stage of development , livestock raising in city outskirts is facing environmental protection and increasing land prices , and it should be compressed and moved elsewhere , but it is necessary to use certain more favorable conditions , carry out importation and selection work in popularizing high technology and fine strains in livestock raising , and take the lead in building animal product export bases ; shanghai 's export of live pigs to hong kong and beijing 's sales of eggs to hong kong and macao , and the various animal products exported by these two municipalities , suffice to show the bright prospects for livestock raising in city outskirts .
large cities can also produce technology and funds and make use of the existing export channels to work together with major livestock - raising countries and cities in various provinces to build animal product export bases , so as to expand the proportion of high - quality chinese animal products on the international and domestic markets .
two main focal points pigs and laying hens are relatively mature undertakings in the livestock industry ; peasants everywhere have grasped the production technology for raising pigs and laying hens , moreover most of the state funds invested in the livestock industry over several decades have been used in pigs and laying hens ; in addition chinese people are fond of pork , and so our production of pork and eggs ranks $number in the world .
the current production level of pigs and eggs still needs to be enhanced , and product quality should be gradually improved ; it is also necessary to speed up the pace of standardized production , but the focus of the work should be on the selection and popularization of lean - meat pigs and high - quality and high - producing layer hens , and on key links such as prevention and treatment of disease ; these two major animal products are capable of meeting the ever - increasing needs of the markets and the people .
viewing the worldwide conditions , beef is also a big item ; in the past $number years , centered on raising cattle through producing citrus , the state has invested a great deal of funds to support cattle raising , with the result that there has been a big increase in beef production .
compared with pork and eggs , however , it is a " little brother . "
as a result of $number years of rapid development , we have achieved relative saturation in many products , including animal products , and have formed a buyer 's market ; we have entered a new stage of development , and opening up markets and readjusting structure have become the focal points in work at present and for a time to come .
in accordance with china 's national condition and with reference to foreign experiences , in the next $number years , and even throughout the entire $date , china 's livestock industry should focus on developing table hens and dairy products .
the government at all levels should raise table hens and the dairy industry to an important position , and give these great support as key industries . $number .
table hens represent a major focal point in the future development of china 's livestock industry on a world scale , chicken raising is developing all the time , and it is estimated that the proportion of chicken in all meat consumption will rise by an annual one percentage point over the next $number years .
china 's chicken meat output accounts for only $number percent of its total meat output , while chicken accounts for $number percent of world meat production .
the production cycle of table hens in short , the fodder conversion rate is high , and chicken prices are the cheapest on the international market , where consumption has registered a big increase .
for several successive years we have imported several times more chicken products than we have exported , and unless we speed up the development of raising table hens , then once we join the wto , china 's market will certainly be occupied by the main chicken - producing countries .
china exports less than $number tons of table hens a year , while the united states exports $number tons , and that country , brazil , france , and the netherlands export a total of $number tons a year .
the main producing areas for table hens in china are the outskirts of several large cities and a few provinces and municipalities including shandong , jilin , hebei , and henan .
table hen production in beijing started in the $date , and at that time it was mainly supplied for export .
the industry truly formed $date ; the huadu table hen company was set up $number , and afterward the dafa company , which concentrated on table hen production , was set up ; these became the two leading enterprises in this industry ; $date the whole [ beijing ] municipality was providing $number table hens for slaughter each year , and the figure is now $number .
most projects such as shandong 's zhucheng , shanghai 's dajiang , and jilin 's deda companies were set up in order to export , but the proportion of exports is still not very high .
it appears that china 's table hen industry should attach importance to developing the big domestic market ; of course it should also make still greater efforts to win exports , because chicken production in neighboring japan is declining each year , and this is a market that we should exert great efforts to occupy . $number .
strengthen the dairy industry , the weakest point china leads the world in several aspects of the livestock industry , but its weakest point is dairy products .
china 's total output of dairy products is only ( ? $number , or , $number ) percent of the world total ; the average amount of dairy products per head of world population has been consistently maintained at $number kg , giving an average of $number grams per person per day , whereas in china the average amount per head is only ( ? $number , or , $number ) kg , which is less than $number grams per person per day . in developed countries the average exceeds $number grams per person per day .
the current state of china 's dairy industry must be changed , but we must not tackle this too hastily , because china has only just resolved the food and clothing problem ; it was only some $number years ago that infants were given a limited amount of bottled milk , so how could a habit of drinking milk be cultivated .
this certainly does not mean , however , that china 's dairy industry cannot develop , on the contrary , the time for this big development is now approaching ; $number of all , middle and primary school pupils , especially those living in large or medium - sized towns , are the main force in the consumption of dairy products in china today , and meat , eggs , and milk have become staples for them .
and more and more adults are eating meat and eggs every day , but milk has not yet become a staple for them .
yet milk is gradually being accepted by middle - aged and older people as a replenisher of calcium , and this also comprises part of a stable consumer market .
milk and milk products can only increase year on year .
in particular , when they become adults , children who grow up clutching a milk bottle will not just drink a little in the morning , like today 's adults , but will consume $number grams a day , and this is already quite common among middle and primary pupils .
in the rural areas today , young mothers hope that their children can have fresh milk , but because the dwellings are scattered it is hard to supply them , so they nourish the children with boiled powdered milk instead , and some specially raise goats to provide milk for infants ; it is evident that the rural areas are a potential market for milk consumption .
developing the livestock industry is for the sake of improving living standards and improving the people 's physique ; at the same time the livestock industry solves the job problem for $number laborers , and is a major industry for increasing peasant incomes .
developed countries consume $number kg of meat per person per year , but the average figure for townsfolk in china is only some $number kg , and still lower in the rural areas ; even if we eat twice as much meat as now , we will still not have caught up with half the consumption of the developed countries .
the domestic consumption market for animal products is very great .
the market in the rural areas , with their $number people , is still greater , and even if the animal product market today is relatively saturated , china 's livestock industry still needs to develop in steady fashion so as to increase the producers ' income , give the peasants the capacity to consume meat , eggs , and milk , and let the townsfolk who already have the consumption capacity to be able to choose standardized animal products and eat meat or drink milk as they desire and like .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - today , this staff reporter learned from the eu representative office in china that china and the eu will continue negotiations on china 's accession to the world trade organization on $date .
the current negotiations , which are consultations on technical issues , began on $date and were originally scheduled to last two to three days .
by the time this reporter filed this dispatch at $number [ $number gmt ] today , neither side had disclosed whether the negotiations had made any progress .
eu trade commissioner pascal lamy has said that , if the negotiations make major progress , he will " hop on an airplane " later this week to fly to beijing to sign a final agreement with the chinese side .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - from $date , chinese assistant foreign minister wang yi and vietnamese assistant foreign minister le cong phung held $number round of sino - vietnamese government - level talks on border issues in beijing .
the two sides reviewed and summed up the progress made in bilateral talks on border issues over the past year . they also had an in - depth exchange of views on how to further negotiations on demarcating beibu bay [ gulf of tonkin ] , on follow - up work after the signing of a land border treaty , and on maritime issues . they reached a broad consensus [ guang fan gong shi $number $number $number $number ] and made important progress [ zhong yao jin zhan $number $number $number $number ] .
wang yi and le cong phung also held annual consultations on foreign affairs and exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
on $date , chinese vice foreign minister yang wenchang met le cong phung 's delegation and attended a ceremony on signing the " summary of minutes " of $number round of sino - vietnamese government - level talks on border issues .
vietnamese ambassador to china bui hong phuc attended the meeting and the signing ceremony .
at the start of the new year , the public security contingent building , a long - standing focus of attention of all walks of life in the society , has made a major stride forward .
the public security ministry today decided to introduce some $number forceful , quick - yield , user - friendly , and easy - for - mass - supervision measures with an eye on bringing about a fundamental turn for the better in the face of the public security contingent through unremitting efforts over the next three years or so .
moreover , as of $date of this year , the police service " $number " hotline shall accept the mass supervision and complaints . people who identify law - violation , discipline - violation , or dereliction - of - duty behavior with public security organs or personnel or people 's policemen may directly dial " $number " for supervision or complaint purposes .
meanwhile , the system of making police affairs public shall be further perfected ; a people 's report feedback system shall be introduced ; a system of publicly handling and passing verdicts on public order cases and traffic accidents shall be enforced ; a unified people 's policemen examination and recruitment system shall come into force in the public security organs across the country ; a system of appointing cadres through competition ; sending people 's policemen with poor scores to undergo training ; and relocating or laying off policemen in the lowest positions shall be enforced ; a leading cadre qualifying examination and assessment system shall be introduced in the public security organs ; and the work of exchanging or rotating cadres in different posts shall be stepped up .
public security minister jia chunwang pointed out at a news briefing held today : the public security organs at all levels must adhere to the guiding principle of taking the initiative to grasp problems in real earnest and on an earlier date and should firmly keep the initiative in work .
grasping problems in real earnest does not mean staging a show for the leaders and masses . rather , it means daring to crack hard nuts in real earnest ; taking the initiative to expose contradictions ; and eliminating interference from all sides . we must never be tolerant or accommodating to and shield or cover up problems within our ranks and nor should we try to turn big problems into small ones and small ones into no problems at all .
in order to grasp problems on an earlier date , we should work hard to identify and tackle problems of tendencies and symptoms of problems and exert our utmost to resolve the problems in the embryonic stage .
in order to take the initiative to grasp problems , the public security organs must take the initiative to grasp on their own the problems relating to the public security contingent building and the public security personnel rather than wait for the masses to report , the leaders to issue instructions on , or the news media to expose such problems .
jia stressed : the public security organs at all levels should take the initiative to accept supervision from the people 's congresses , the cppcc [ chinese people 's political consultative conference ] committees , the people and masses , and the news media ; should further establish and perfect various systems under which the public security organs enforce the law ; handle cases ; or administer and manage public order ; and should work hard to block up through mechanisms and systems the loopholes through which negative or corrupt problems crop out .
an official from the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation [ moftec ] here indicated that the two sides are still in talks on technical issues , adding that so far no breakthrough has been made .
he remained optimistic about the prospects for the negotiations , however .
when asked whether the focus of the negotiations was on telecommunications issues , the official said that it was not completely true .
he noted that since the two sides remain divided on certain technical problems and have not dealt with core issues , it is hard to tell when this round of talks will end .
it is noteworthy that both sides have attached great importance to the negotiations .
the representatives of the two sides were still at the negotiating table $time .
the moftec official held that though not as arduous as sino - us negotiations , this round of talks is by no means easy .
apart from the eu , there are still $number - odd countries that have not signed bilateral agreements with china .
the official noted that china 's talks with other countries are less difficult when compared to its negotiations with the eu . china may encounter some obstacles in talks with latin american nations , however .
in spite of this , the official remained optimistic about china 's wto accession within a year .
the taiwan affairs office and information office of the state council recently issued a white paper , entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " in which the chinese government 's principles and policies for resolving the taiwan issue have once again been expounded profoundly and comprehensively .
the publication of this white paper has evoked strong repercussions in the international community .
it is the generally held opinion of the chinese at home and abroad that the white paper is an important statement issued at a crucial moment and that it has once again declared the determination of the chinese people to strive for the resolution of the taiwan issue and achieve china 's total reunification at an early date . us white house officials , however , have distorted it as " threatening the use of force . "
it is , therefore , necessary to understand the timing and great significance of the publication of the white paper .
in $date , the taiwan affairs office and information office of the state council issued a white paper , entitled " the taiwan issue and china 's reunification . "
over the past seven years , tremendous changes have taken place in the domestic and international situation .
$number , as this year is the turn of the century , china is faced with a new development opportunity ; $number , following the successive reunification of hong kong and macao with china , it has become more urgent to resolve the taiwan issue ; $number , major victories have been won in struggle against the " two states " theory waged by the mainland since last year ; and $number with the taiwan " presidential " election due to be held soon , the people of taiwan should make a correct choice about what path taiwan should follow .
given such a background , obviously it is extremely necessary and timely for beijing to release the white paper on the taiwan issue .
the new white paper has further expounded the basis of one china , de facto and de jure , as well as its emergence and basic implications . it reflects the chinese government 's attitude on resolutely safeguarding the one - china principle , and explains several questions involving the one - china principle in cross - strait relations and adherence to the one - china principle in the international community .
running through the whole white paper is a central theme , that is , the one - china principle is the basis and precondition for realizing peaceful reunification .
why is it necessary to launch the struggle against the " two states " theory ?
this is because the " two states " theory has undermined the development of cross - strait relations , as well as the basis and precondition for peaceful reunification .
if lee teng - hui is allowed to pursue the " two states " theory and even turn it into a policy of the newly elected leader of taiwan , the basis for peaceful reunification will no longer exist .
thanks to the resolute struggle waged by the mainland side , the taiwan authorities could not but announce that the " two states " theory will not be " incorporated into the constitution , " nor has it been turned into a major policy keynote in the present election .
the development of cross - strait relations over the past $number years and more shows that whenever the leaders of the taiwan authorities sabotage the one - china principle , cross - strait relations are adversely affected and undermined , and a crisis emerges on the taiwan strait . and this is extremely unfavorable to the stability and prosperity of taiwan 's society .
taiwan is an inalienable part of china . this is the consensus of the entire chinese people .
only through reunification can the chinese nation rejuvenate itself comprehensively .
" independence for taiwan " means war [ zhan zheng $number $number ] and the destruction of the basis for peaceful reunification .
the white paper has explicitly spelled out the three preconditions under which the chinese government will be forced to use force to resolve the taiwan issue . this is the bottom line of the policy of the chinese government .
it will enable the people of taiwan to make a clear distinction between right and wrong , work for peaceful reunification , and opt for peaceful reunification rather than war .
they include : taiwan is ineligible for membership of the united nations and other international organizations whose membership is confined to sovereign states ; no country maintaining diplomatic relations with china should sell arms to taiwan or enter into a military alliance of any form with taiwan ; the chinese government adheres to the one - china principle in dealing with taiwan 's exchanges with the outside world ; and the chinese government protects all justified and lawful rights and interests of taiwan compatriots abroad .
all this reflects the chinese government 's stand to resolutely safeguard the one - china principle .
they should not talk nonsense with regard to the taiwan issue or encourage " taiwan independence , " much less should they underestimate the chinese people 's determination and capability to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and achieve total reunification .
nie beiyin , zhongguo qingnian bao reporter : as we know , unlike the radical " shock therapy " adopted by the former soviet union and east europe " in the hope of thoroughly casting off stagnation by a leap , " china 's economic reform is called a " progressive reform " by the transitional economic theorists at home and abroad , because it has been moving forward " step by step in a steady and planned way under the unified leadership of the central authorities . "
may i ask how you analyze the process and characteristics of such a " progressive reform " ?
zang zhifeng , economics professor of the cpc central party school : according to the propositions of the $number and $number national party congresses and comrade xiaoping , i think the process can be divided into four stages as below : $number : the stage in which the reform started and initially formed the pattern under which the new and old structures coexisted ; $number : the stage ( in which heavily fortified positions were stormed ) , reform was deepened , and the socialist market economic structure was initially established ; $number : the stage in which a relatively perfect socialist market economic structure will be established ; $number : the stage in which the socialist market economic structure will become mature and get into shape .
as everybody knows , china 's reform has attracted worldwide attention for its tremendous successes .
the " progressive reform " has presented two most prominent characteristics as follows : $number , we carried out reform while pushing forward rapid economic development with the energy released from the reform .
during the $number years of reform , china 's gdp grew by $number percent each year on average , three times the world average , and the people 's living standards were markedly enhanced .
$number , we carried out reform while making exploration , so that we have had a clearer direction , repeatedly reached a consensus in understanding , reduced social tremors , increased our ability to resist risks , and achieved the overall unity of reform , development , and stability .
nie : we should admit that the process of " progressive reform " also has its own specific contradictions and development laws like the development of anything . only when we look squarely at the law that governs the " progressive reform " can we push reform forward to the other shore .
then , what do you think are the principal contradictions and problems in the course of the " progressive reform " ?
zang : as our reform is a gradual process , there is certainly a double - track stage in which the new and old structures coexist , as the old structure , though broken through , has not withdrawn and the new structure , though gradually formed , has not become perfect .
in this double - track stage , the structural loopholes and the friction of contradictions between the new and old structures will inevitably give rise to a series of social contradictions and negative phenomena .
therefore , i think that it is impossible for two different operational mechanisms and rules to exist in a unified social economic structure for a long time .
the rules of administrative power and the rules of market exchange at equal value are opposites , and if they coexist for a long time , the following problems will inevitably arise : a. the price information is inaccurate and cannot effectively play the role of market mechanism in the allocation of resources ; b. enterprises are short of internal incentive and restrictive mechanisms , which is detrimental to technological advancement and the transformation of growth pattern ; c. it will provide a hotbed and soil for breeding corruption and the practice of bartering power for money .
moreover , these problems cannot completely disappear by means of education , supervision , and even crackdown .
only after the new structure comes into shape and the old structure basically withdraws from the historical scene through in - depth reform can the problems be fundamentally resolved .
otherwise , the contradictions in this double - track stage will continue to accumulate and thus increase the difficulties and costs of the reform .
nie : according to the analyses you have just made of the stages of the " progressive reform , " we are now in the stage of storming the heavily fortified positions , which means changing from the old structure to the new one .
ordinarily , various kinds of social contradictions are very conspicuous , but why does everybody , from top to bottom , emphasize that the key point of storming the fortified positions of reform lies in the reform of state - owned enterprises ?
zang : the state - owned enterprises were the foundation of the planned economic structure , and also the focal point of various contradictions .
its changes directly touched the deep - level contradictions of the old structure ( including the traditional concepts ) .
since the mid - nineties , the reform of the state - owned enterprises has made an important step , but it has not effected a total qualitative leap .
it is still a rather long distance from the establishment of a property rights boundary and interest boundary of multiple input , as well as from an explicit market main body and legal entity as required by the modern enterprise system .
for instance , the layout of the state - owned economy is irrational , the proportion of the solely state - owned enterprises is too large , and some enterprises have failed to set up appropriate state assets management organizations or lacked capital contributors after they broke off their links with the government departments .
it is precisely because of this that the problem of state enterprise reform has for $number time become the central committee plenum 's principal subject for discussion .
nie : in your opinion , how should we face and solve such numerous thorny problems , including the state enterprise reform , at this stage of storming the fortified positions of reform ?
zang : according to my macroscopic ideas on reform , we should have a good grasp of the following relationships : $number .
the relationship between reform and development .
reform is the motive force of development , and provides service and a sound , effective mechanism to development .
however , reform cannot replace development , so we should pay serious attention to the issue of industrial structural adjustment and upgrading .
moreover , if we grasp the industrial structural adjustment and upgrading without carrying on reform , we will lack internal economic vitality , intensify administrative intervention consciously or unconsciously , and therefore fail to achieve our anticipated results .
just as comrade xiaoping said : reform and opening up is a move that will determine china 's destiny , to which we must keep a clear head . $number .
the relationship between the realization forms of the public ownership and the development of nonpublic economies .
another expression of the reform of the public ownership realization forms is the reform of the enterprises ' property organizational forms , which means changing the enterprises ' ownership from their extremely pure public - owned or state - owned nature to a mixed ownership with the state controlling or jointly holding enterprises ' stocks .
at present , china 's huge state - owned economy needs the participation of the considerable number of nonpublic economic sectors to bring about such a change . hence , we should encourage the development of the nonpublic economies . $number .
the relationship between the structural changes of enterprises and the intensification of their internal management .
intensification of management is an eternal theme of enterprises .
the question is what we should depend upon to arouse the initiative of the enterprises ' internal management .
in the final analysis , we need a good structure and mechanism .
that is why departing from reform to grasp management will do in a small number of enterprises but will not do in a majority of them ; and it will work for a short period of time but will not work for a long time .
in short , we should not forget that " reform is the only road for emancipating and developing productive forces . "
we face arduous tasks in strengthening and improving our ideological and political work in the new period .
there are many problems that need studying . the key issue is to strengthen the ideals and beliefs of the broad masses of party members , cadres , and the people through strong and effective ideological and political work .
ideals and beliefs are a practical embodiment of people 's political convictions and world perspectives .
our party 's goal is to realize communism . in the current phase , our party 's goal is to construct socialism with chinese characteristics .
communist ideals and beliefs are the most lofty ideals and beliefs in the history of humankind . they not only generate the most wonderful and reasonable social system in the history of humankind , but also provide scientific perspectives on the world , values and life with which perspectives of all other beliefs cannot compete .
firm ideals and beliefs are the soul of communists . they are the spiritual pillar and source of energy for communists who never stop struggling , and no sooner does one of them fall than another steps into the breach .
in the revolutionary period and in wartime , based on their firm ideals and beliefs , $number revolutionaries withstood severe trials of blood and fire and of life and death and ushered in the birth of a new china .
in the new historical period , also based on their firm ideals and beliefs , the broad masses of party members and cadres withstood the trials caused by their position in the ruling party and by the reform and opening - up . they play the role of vanguards and examples . they unite and lead $number people to achieve a new victory in the construction of socialist modernization .
history proves that , with communist ideals and beliefs , the whole party , the whole army and the entire nation with its different ethnic origins will have a direction to $date forward to victory , will have indomitable willpower , endless strength and courage to overcome all difficulties .
in recent years , with the deepening of reform and opening - up and the development of the socialist market economy , people 's value perspectives have become diversified . many traditional value perspectives are affected to different extents . in addition , various wrong ideological trends and decadent ideological cultures are influencing people . because of these , some people slacken their efforts to study theories and remold their world perspectives .
li hongzhi 's crooked reasoning and heretical ideas were believed by many people . this is because falungong and li hongzhi took advantage of the moral vacuum , knowing that some of us led a life devoid of meaning and our ideals and beliefs wavered .
president jiang repeatedly emphasized that leading cadres must pay attention to politics .
people 's ideals and beliefs are basic politics .
without firm ideals and beliefs , we cannot have correct a political direction , political stance or political viewpoints . without firm ideals and beliefs , we cannot have strong political discipline , the ability to distinguish between good and bad political phenomena , or political sensibility .
if our ideals and beliefs waver , it is impossible for us to maintain our political steadfastness .
so , strengthening and improving ideological and political work while focusing on strengthening people 's ideals and beliefs is an arduous and urgent task faced by party committees and political units at all levels .
currently , we are in an important historical period at the turn of two centuries . our country 's reform is in the period of storming the fortifications . faced with the changeable situation in the world and various complicated social phenomena , some people are at a loss and puzzled .
the work must adapt to new changes in our society , politics , economy and cultural lives . we must associate our ideological and political work with people 's real thoughts and lead them to correctly understand and deal with problems and difficulties they meet in the progress of socialism . we must lead the people to understand the objective laws and inexorable trends in the development of humankind . we must lead the people to understand the truth that only socialism can save china and only socialism can develop china .
we must give no opportunity to non - marxist and anti - marxist elements . communist ideals and beliefs are based on dialectical materialism and historical materialism .
they can only be established through long - term study and putting into practice what they study .
to strengthen our ideals and beliefs , the most basic issue is that we must strengthen the study of marxism , leninism , mao zedong thought and , especially , deng xiaoping theory .
only marxism can lead us to deeply understand the objective laws of social development , grasp the nature of the development of the world 's situation , and not be influenced by whirlpools and adverse currents in the river of history .
because of this , we must treat education in marxist theory as an important task in our ideological and political work and carry it out deeply and forever .
through systematic education , we must help people unceasingly strengthen their theoretical basis and their marxist political direction and stance . we must help people establish firm perspectives on the world , life and values and master scientific methods to observe things around them . we must help people improve their ability to tell right theories and politics from wrong ones and fundamentally solve well problems in their ideals and beliefs .
to do well the work of strengthening our ideals and beliefs , we must correctly deal with the relationship between our ideals and interests .
in the past , influenced by far - left ideological trends , we indulged in empty talk about our ideals and were forbidden to talk about our interests .
since the reform and opening - up , this abnormal phenomenon has been checked . however , because of some people 's one - sided understanding of the socialist market economy , they go to the other extreme when dealing with the relationship between their ideals and interests . they think their personal interests are higher and more important than anything else . some of them even believe that " with money , they can obtain everything . "
to solve this problem , we need to do our ideological and political work well and lead people to correctly deal with the relationship between their interests and ideals . we must teach people ideals with consideration of their interests and let them pursue interests conforming to their ideals . we must let people from beginning to end maintain their lofty ideals and beliefs in the process of developing the socialist market economy .
according to a kyodo report days ago , to cope with a situation when japan has a war and when situations in areas surrounding japan are anticipated , a joint command headquarters will be established in the basement of a new office building of the japan defense agency , which will complete construction in $date it will serve as an organ coordinating and commanding the joint military maneuvers of japan and the united states .
the move is another cornerstone for the strengthening of japan - us military cooperation , and it signifies the military cooperation of the two sides is going deeper .
$number phase is a time for reorientation , beginning from us president clinton 's visit to japan in $date .
in this visit , clinton and the then - japanese prime minister hashimoto signed a programmatic document to reinforce the japan - us alliance , that is , " the us - japan joint declaration on security : alliance for the $number century . "
the declaration redefined the alliance as not limited to the purpose of pure defense , but with an aim to intervene in regional and even global affairs .
this means that the japan - us military alliance will see a change in nature .
$number phase is giving legal status to the alliance .
the governments of japan and the united states released the new " guidelines for japan - us defense cooperation . "
in the guidelines , the cooperation of the two sides falls into three categories according to different circumstances . $number , cooperation under normal circumstances ; $number , actions in response to an armed attack against japan ; and $number , cooperation in situations in areas surrounding japan that will have an important influence on japan 's peace and security .
since then , the japanese government began to work on enacting laws related to the new guidelines , and submitted to the diet the " bill for revising the self - defense forces law , " " the bill on acquisition and cross servicing agreement " and " the bill on measures for dealing with situations in areas surrounding japan . " the diet was manipulated to pass these bills in $number half of $number .
among them , " the bill on measures for situations in areas surrounding japan " caught the most attention . the situations in areas surrounding japan was classified into six types , and ongoing or upcoming arms disputes in areas surrounding japan and the civil wars or internal disorders of some countries are included .
a high - level official of the japanese ministry of foreign affairs once indicated that the ambiguous concept of " situations in areas surrounding japan " helps the japanese government bypass the self - defense - oriented constitution , and pave the way for expanding support for the us military .
hereafter , once a situation in areas surrounding japan happens , japan will work with the us military in the moves of a military intervention .
this , undoubtedly , has sowed the seeds of misfortune for the security of the region or even the globe .
with the above - mentioned reorientation and legislative guarantee , japan and the united states hurried themselves into $number phase , that is , implementation .
$number big move was to join hands to develop tmd [ theater missile defense ] under the pretext of the " dprk launched a long - range ballistic missile . "
on $date , japan and the united states exchanged notes and signed a memorandum on developing tmd together .
right after that , on $date , the japanese defense agency , listed $number japanese yen in the budget of $number for the single purpose of developing tmd .
then , on $date , the japanese and us governments announced to formally begin research and development of tmd .
according to japanese media , in the next five years , japan and the united states will kick in $number to $number japanese yen for research and development , and of this amount , japan is responsible for $number to $number japanese yen .
to make the tmd smoothly developed , currently japan and the united states are trying to repudiate the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , " which was regarded as an obstacle by them .
$number big move was deciding to establish the japan - us joint command headquarters .
reportedly , in future japan - us joint military maneuvers , the organ will be responsible for deploying the two armies , collecting information , and stipulating and transmitting joint maneuver plans for logistics support .
it is obvious that the establishment of the new headquarters will move japan - us military cooperation to a newer and higher level .
how it is going to affect the security and stability of japan and " the areas surrounding japan " is self - evident .
all the signs have led to the conclusion that with the establishment of the joint command headquarters , a series of moves will be observed from the japanese - us military cooperation endeavor .
people will wait and see what happens .
instead , the central bank will adopt a more flexible exchange rate system and widen the yuan 's floating scope against the us dollar .
this authoritative source emphasized that since other asian financial markets had already started to recover , this measure would not trigger chain reactions from other asian currencies , particularly the hong kong dollar . never setting a target exchange rate he pointed out : the exchange rate system being implemented in china $date is a managed floating exchange rate system , not a fixed exchange rate system .
although the yuan exchange rate against the us dollar appeared to be fixed since the beginning of the asian financial crisis , it should not be interpreted as a fixed exchange rate system in the real sense .
the chinese government has never announced any target exchange rate , and therefore is not obliged to maintain the yuan exchange rate at a particular level .
under the current exchange rate system , the trend of the yuan exchange rate against the us dollar is mainly determined by the balance of payments .
in the past few years , the central bank managed to ease the pressure of the yuan 's appreciation by buying surplus us dollar from the foreign exchange center in shanghai .
a surplus in international balance of payments suggests that demand for the us dollar will be smaller than supply and that the pressure of the yuan 's devaluation this year is virtually non - existent .
the yuan is under pressure to appreciate in value this year it is quite certain that china will not be trying to increase its export competitiveness and promote economic growth through devaluing the yuan this year , because its economic leaders believe that the government can neither arbitrarily decide its long - term exchange rate nor use it as a policy tool .
it is perhaps more appropriate to call the exchange rate the outcome rather than the reason of economic activities .
what made the central bank decide to widen the yuan 's floating scope under such circumstances ? according to experts , the central bank is trying to correct the misunderstanding that china has promised to keep the yuan exchange rate at the present level of $number to the dollar . if people have this misunderstanding , then any deviation from the $number level will be seen as an indication of instability of china 's foreign exchange system and will trigger the panic dumping of the yuan .
if this misunderstanding can be righted , the government will be able to win some space for resolving its domestic economic problems .
for example , it can further lower interest rates to stimulate domestic demand without having to worry about the pressure of the yuan 's devaluation .
free convertibility will definitely become a reality in the long term , this also represents the direction for the development of the yuan exchange rate system .
following china 's entry into the wto , the yuan will definitely become freely convertible gradually .
on an operational level , the combination of a more flexible exchange rate system with a more freely convertible foreign exchange system is easier to implement than the combination of a fixed exchange rate system with free convertibility .
the main reason is that in the face of an outside impact , the monetary authority may , in the former situation , decide to reduce or cease intervention in the foreign exchange market in addition to making use of its international reserves . in the latter situation , however , the monetary authority must intervene in the exchange market all the time and use its international reserves to intervene in $number place . when this intervention fails to achieve its objective , the monetary authority will find itself in the dilemma of either having to give up the fixed exchange rate target or resume monetary control .
renmin ribao on jiang zemin 's $number - point program and the one china principle keep pace with the times , promote national unification xin yue five years ago , chairman jiang zemin proposed the eight point program , thereby keeping in step with the current stage of development in cross - straits relations and advancing the cause of peaceful unification of the motherland .
today , with the smooth return to chinese sovereignty of both hong kong and macao following one upon the other , and after five years of ebb and flow in cross - straits relations , if we revisit this eight point program , we can appreciate even more deeply its major pathbreaking significance with respect to the realization of the great enterprise of national unification at the earliest possible date .
the eight point program proposed by chairman jiang zemin $number and foremost made clear that the resolution and confidence of the chinese government and people with respect to national unification were unshakable . this was ( expressed by the words ) : " insisting upon the one china principle is the foundation and the precondition for realization of peaceful unification . "
this position has remained consistent from then until now , solid and unmoving . we will in no way allow any power to change in any way the status of the resolve that taiwan is one part of china .
during all these years , li denghui has deliberately plotted to break down precisely this one china principle . indeed , the question of whether to uphold or destroy the one china principle is the crux of our struggle with li denghui and the " taiwan independence " forces .
the twists and turns in cross - straits relations over the past five years eloquently demonstrate the prescience and grasp of reality shown by chairman jiang 's proposal .
the cultural pride and ethnic self - respect that have been formed within the chinese nation over the five - thousand - year history of its ancient civilization is a sure guarantee that the chinese people , having " stood up , " and carrying on in the glorious tradition of patriotism , will uphold the principles of national unification and territorial completion more than any other sacred mission .
this is the determining factor , so that even though there are bound to be barriers and obstructions along the road to national unification , any and all attempts to separate taiwan from china will surely fail .
while chairman jiang 's talk was fundamental in setting up the parameters for the solution of the taiwan question , it also demonstrated the inherent flexibility of our strategy and our spirit of engagement .
chairman jiang 's talk set out the essentials of the " peaceful unification , one country , two systems " policy , thereby giving expression to the consistency and continuity of our party and government with respect to solution of the taiwan question .
the " one country , two systems " policy addresses the facts of the cross - straits situation by seeking truth from those facts , while fully respecting the history and present lifestyle of taiwan , taking into consideration the interests and demands of all sectors of the taiwan population , and satisfying to the fullest extent possible the desire of our taiwan compatriots for peace and stability .
the successful practice of " one country , two systems " in hong kong and macao confirms that this is the best way of resolving the taiwan question .
chairman jiang said clearly in his talk at this year 's new year tea with ( members of the chinese people 's ) political consultative ( conference ) that " the concept of resolution of the taiwan question and realization of peaceful unification in accordance with the ' one country , two systems ' policy may be more loosely applied than in the case of either hong kong or macao . "
in his talk given at the seminar commemorating $number anniversary of chairman jiang 's eight point program , vice premier qian qichen shed further light on the meaning of this statement by chairman jiang . pointing out the need to emphasize and respect the differences between taiwan and either hong kong or macau , he said : " there will necessarily be some differences in the actual policies . "
this attitude of facing the facts and seeking truth from them shows the great sincerity of our party and government with respect to peaceful unification , and it will surely be embraced by the great majority of taiwan compatriots .
in his talk , chairman jiang made a whole series of fundamental proposals .
at the time of his earnest proposal that negotiations on " official conclusion to cross - straits antagonism , gradual realization of peaceful unification " should be held , he made the following creative suggestions : as a $number step , we should carry out the negotiations to " officially conclude cross - straits antagonism , under the one china principle , " and thereby come to an agreement ; then , on this basis , we should jointly assume the duty of maintaining china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , and together carry out the planning with respect to the future development of cross - straits relations .
peaceful unification demands a long process , and the development of cross - straits relations demands that we create a healthy environment of security .
official conclusion of cross - straits antagonism under the one china principle is an essential step in carrying forward the development of cross - straits relations .
carrying out political negotiations is the key to full - fledged progress in cross - straits relations at the present stage .
any and all issues are negotiable under the one china principle , including all the various issues that are of concern to the taiwan government .
both sides should enter into fair and equitable consultation at the earliest possible date on the issues of the name , venue and format of political negotiations , under the one china principle , and find a means of resolving such issues that is acceptable to both sides .
after the publication of chairman jiang 's talk , it received widespread attention and enthusiastic response both at home and abroad , and this lent significant impetus to the development of cross - straits relations .
nevertheless , these five years hence , the taiwan government still stubbornly holds to its splittist position , not only failing to make a diligent reciprocal effort with respect to the eight point proposal , but also steadily placing obstacles in the way of the development of cross - straits relations .
li denghui has even dropped all disguise , publicly denying the one china principle , and carrying out conspicuous international agitation for " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan , " even to the point of proposing a " two china doctrine , " thereby fully exposing his true intention of splitting up the motherland .
as to the question of who is the promoter of the development of cross - straits relations , and who is the destroyer of peaceful unification of the motherland , the answer is there for all the world to see .
if we look back at the long and vast river of history , we can see that preserving national unity has been the governing motive in the development of the chinese nation from its very beginnings until now .
completion of the great enterprise of national unification has become the long - standing fervent hope and the sacred pursuit of the chinese people . patriotic sons and daughters of china throughout the world long for and firmly believe in the complete unification of our country , and the day will surely come when the chinese nation at last achieves its great restoration .
on $date , president jiang zemin delivered the important speech , " continue to strive for accomplishing the great cause of reunifying the motherland , " which has aroused general interest both at home and abroad ; and the people on both sides of the taiwan strait have particularly attached extremely great importance to it and warmly welcomed it .
the eight - point proposal put forward by president jiang is an embodiment of the wisdom of all the members of the party and the people of all nationalities across the country . it has enriched the contents of our taiwan policy of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . " it is an important guiding principle for achieving a complete reunification of the motherland in the new historical period .
the " speech " reiterated the one - china principled stand which both the communist party and the government of china have consistently upheld . it pointed out that " chinese should not fight fellow chinese " and " we should fully respect the taiwan compatriots ' lifestyle and their wish to be the masters of their own affairs . " emphasizing the necessity to increase contacts with the taiwan compatriots , listen to their opinions and solve problems , it fully reflected our loving care for the taiwan compatriots and struck a chord in their heart .
the " speech " made such propositions as holding talks on ending the cross - strait hostility , promoting cross - strait economic exchange and cooperation , and carrying forward the chinese nation 's splendid culture of $number years . between the lines , it was full of kindred feelings for the people in taiwan , showing the broadmindedness and a high degree of sense of national responsibility of our party and our government .
the media and the academic , industrial and business circles on taiwan island have been the most enthusiastic and the most active in expressing their opinions . people are all expecting that the cross - strait relations will continue to develop toward reunification .
at this year 's new year tea party hosted by the chinese people 's political consultation conference national committee , president jiang reiterated that the eight - point proposal remained unchanged and he again emphasized he was placing hopes on the taiwan authorities and particularly on the people in taiwan that they would engage , exchange , have more trust , dispel their misgivings , and promote common understanding .
over the last five years , the taiwan authorities have unceasingly created obstacles in the cross - strait relations . in particular , the " two - state theory " openly dished out by li denghui [ li teng - hui ] in $date last year has undermined the foundation of cross - strait exchange and dialogue , challenged the chinese people 's dignity and national feelings , and made the cross - strait political relations retrograde seriously .
li denghui lifted a rock only to drop it on his own feet . contrary to his expectations when he said , " the disturbances we create will become greater and greater , and the more disturbances the better , " the fact is the more he creates disturbances , the more he lands himself in a passive position and becomes isolated . he has been condemned not only by the people in taiwan .
the reunification of the motherland accords with the feelings of the people and the general trend of events ; it is where the fundamental interest of all the chinese people , including the people in taiwan , lies ; and it is an irresistible historical trend .
during the five years , the political , economic , social and other achievements made by our country have attracted worldwide attention . we have deepened our reform , increased our strength , raised our international standing , expanded our influence and improved our living standard .
in particular , hong kong and macao have successively returned to the motherland and their prosperity and stability remain . since the " one country , two systems " concept is being successfully practiced in hong kong and macao , it has won not only the hong kong and macao compatriots ' warm support , but also the understanding and approval of the great majority of countries . the success in hong kong and macao has also objectively played an exemplary role in helping taiwan compatriots understand the " one country , two systems " concept .
the facts have proven that deng xiaoping 's " one country , two systems " concept has a great vitality and it is the best way to solve the taiwan question .
the specific policy of applying the " one country , two systems " concept in solving the taiwan question will be even more relaxed than the policies for hong kong and macao . for instance , taiwan may retain its armed forces and its leaders may participate in the management of state affairs ; and on the premise that there is only one china , we are prepared to talk with the taiwan authorities about any matter . these conform to the ardent hope of the people in taiwan for stability , peace and development and to their aspirations .
after the reunification of the motherland , taiwan will certainly enjoy prosperity , stability and even more rapid development , and the people in taiwan will join the people on the mainland in enjoying the dignity and glory of the chinese nation .
at the turn of the century , we sense the heavy responsibility on our shoulders in the $date toward a complete reunification of the motherland .
our taiwan compatriots residing on the mainland should take full advantage of their connections with their relatives and friends in taiwan to do a good job in publicizing our policies , strengthening the bonds of friendship , promoting common understanding and exchanging information . we should treat the people in taiwan with sincerity , actively help them dispel misgivings and overcome difficulties , make friends with them , and make due efforts to promote the cross - strait " political talks " and the establishment of direct links between the two sides for postal , air , and shipping services .
what will be the influence of " entry into wto " on the general level of prices in china ?
wang yang , vice minister of the state planning commission , recently answered the question raised by reporters .
wang yang pointed out : after china 's entry into wto , the market will be more open to the outside world and tariffs of certain commodities will be lowered . as a result , some international market commodities of which " prices are higher at home and lower in foreign market " will be sold in the chinese market . this will play a certain role in pulling down the general level of prices in china .
however , the impact will not be very big because some international market commodities are sold lower than the domestic market prices while other international market commodities are sold higher than domestic prices . for instance , now prices of most of household electric appliances in china are cheaper than the international level of prices . the entry of foreign - made electric appliances into the chinese market will not have an influence on domestic prices .
according to the bilateral agreement on joining wto as a member , china 's reduction of tariffs will go through a gradual course and the import of international commodities , which are sold cheaper than domestic products , will also increase gradually year by year .
besides , touching on the question of starting this year the publication and application of price indexes in statistics will be mainly based on the consumer price index instead of the retail price index as approved by the state council , wang yang explained that the main consideration of this change was : the retained price index of commodities mainly reflects the changes of retail prices of consumer goods , while the consumer price index not only reflects the change of prices of consumer goods but also reflects the change of costs of living and services .
using the consumer price index will be conducive to conforming with international customs and also conducive to making comparison and analysis with most countries in the world .
the consumer price index can more wholly and truly reflect the actual change of market prices and will be favorable to improving the adjustment and control of the general level of prices .
these measures play an important role in improving the natural environment and promoting the continuous development of the economy and society . however , there are still problems in some areas of cutting trees , using forest lands for unauthorized purposes and damaging forests without restraint .
one of the important reasons that cutting forests never stops despite repeated prohibitions is that some areas ' leaders ignore related laws , such as the forest law , and related administrative orders issued by the party central committee and the state council that are meant to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment . these leaders do whatever they want , do not abide by laws , do not execute orders and do not forbid activities which are prohibited by regulations .
driven by short - term interests , some areas cut forests and denude areas on the sly . management departments of some areas connive and shield people who cut and steal trees . sometimes management departments even cooperate with people who cut and steal trees .
management department officials steal the assets they are meant to protect . if we allow this to continue , the situation of a severe lack of forest resources will worsen . many ecological problems will become aggravated , such as the drying up of water systems , soil erosion , abnormal weather , disappearing animal and plant species , as well as intensifying wind and sand storms .
moreover , some areas will become poor again . so it is imperative and urgent to take effective measures and strengthen law enforcement in order to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment . we must further improve our understanding of the importance of protecting forest resources .
major party and government leaders at all levels must have a high sense of responsibility and the spirit of being responsible for our descendants . they must deeply understand the significance of protecting forests and developing forestry .
they must fully understand that protecting and developing forest resources have important meaning for society . it is a long - term and arduous task . it is also an important duty for party committees and governments at all levels .
party committees and governments at all levels must conscientiously implement the system in which leading cadres at all levels are responsible for attaining given objectives for protecting and developing forest resources when they are in their posts .
party committees and governments at all levels must treat protecting forest resources , promoting afforestation and speeding up making barren hills green as important tasks . they must make efforts to do these tasks and do them well . at no time can they choose short - term economic growth at the expense of damaging forest resources and sacrificing the natural environment . at no time can they be eager for instant success and quick benefits or do things that harm the big picture and our descendants .
we must further strengthen publicity of this cause .
we must fully take advantage of all news media including radio , tv and newspapers to emphatically promote the significance of protecting forest resources and improving the natural environment . we must emphatically promote laws , regulations , strategies and policies formulated by the party and the country to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment . we must emphatically promote detailed measures taken by local governments to protect and develop forest resources .
we must take care to sum up , promote and cultivate progressive exemplary figures who emerge in protecting forest resources and improving the natural environment . at the same time , we must also deal severely with criminals who damage forest resources and the natural environment despite the government 's effort to crack down on them .
we must help civilians foster their own sense of responsibility . we must mobilize the whole society to participate in a positive way in the campaign for the public good of protecting forest resources and improving the natural environment . we must further strengthen our law enforcement .
the forest law is an important law to protect forest resources .
when protecting forest resources , we must persist in managing forests according to law .
we must severely crack down on various activities which damage forest resources , such as cutting trees without authorization , cutting trees secretly and stealing them , using forest land for other purposes without authorization , turning forests into cultivated lands , transporting wood illegally , operating wood - related businesses illegally and processing wood illegally .
we must thoroughly investigate people and cases that damage forest resources and , according to law , severely deal with people who cause serious consequences . we must especially severely punish leading cadres and governmental department employees who abuse their authority , neglect their duties , break the law even though they are executors of the law , even cut forested areas without authorization or shield and collude with people who cut trees exceeding the limits .
we must comprehensively improve the quality of forest - resource management and law enforcement personnel . we must improve the level of administration according to law . leading cadres at all levels , especially leaders of forestry - management departments , must become examples of abiding by the law and executing the law .
the " views of the cpc central committee and state council on doing a good job in agriculture and rural work $date " reiterate that china 's agricultural and rural economic development has entered a new stage , and point out that " as the trend of economic globalization speeds up , international competition in agricultural products will become more and more intense . "
in such an international and domestic situation , we particularly need to objectively analyze the pros and cons of joining the world trade organization [ wto ] for china 's agriculture and grain production , and swing into action as soon as possible to seize the opportunities , meet the challenges , reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls , and win the competition and the future .
it is rare to have such a variety of opportunities joining the wto means that china , a leading trader in agricultural products , will gain its rightful place in the world 's largest trade organization , and this will bring a variety of opportunities for china 's agriculture and grain production operations .
i now focus on explaining the following three points .
it will improve china 's international trade environment and benefit foreign trade in agricultural products .
in $date , the scope of international trade will be mainly formulated by a variety of multilateral trade structures , with the wto as the main player .
after joining the wto , china can engage in trade under multilateral , stable , and unconditional most favored nation treatment principles amid a relatively stable environment for trading with wto member states and regions ; we will enjoy the advantages of tariff and nontariff reductions in other countries and regions , and this will effectively eliminate the discriminatory treatment we suffer in international trade and fairly and rationally resolve trade friction that may arise .
a good international trade environment will benefit our imports of the agricultural products that we need and also help us to expand our exports of agricultural products which are relative strong points for us .
at present , apart from grain , cotton , and wool , where we lack advantage in the international market , china 's pork , beef , and mutton prices are $number percent lower than international market prices ; fruit prices are $number percent lower ; and our flower and vegetable prices are also very low .
so long as we further improve the variety structure and optimize quality , these agricultural products will enjoy advantages in both quality and price , and we can further expand our exports and take a bigger share of the international market .
it will help us in importing new varieties and new technology for restructuring agriculture and grain , modernizing china 's agriculture and grain industry is a systems project that includes innovation in industrial system , changes in operational methods , and optimization of market structure and resource allocation .
since the agricultural and grain production resources are not evenly distributed , optimizing their allocation needs to be carried out through the country and indeed throughout the world ; we should launch exchanges of technology and varieties to make up for each other 's deficiencies from each other 's strong points .
before the reform and opening up , china 's agricultural and grain plate was basically " confined " in a self - enclosed circle , and its development was seriously constrained .
since the launch of reform and opening up , exchanges of variety and technology with foreign countries have become a booster for speeding up the development of china 's agriculture and grain production .
the import of advanced technology and varieties such as mechanized stockraising , enclosed fish - rearing , the processing , storage , and preserving of agricultural produce , foodstuff processing , covering young plants with plastic film , and introduction of fine seed strains has markedly enhanced the level of modernization of china 's agriculture and grain production .
we can believe that by seizing the opportunities of wto accession , china is bound to further expand its imports of new agricultural and grain technology and varieties , which will effectively promote the restructuring of our agriculture and grain .
it will promote reforms in the agricultural and grain production operational mechanism and help us to come into line with the international market .
the wto is an open and free international trading organization based on market economy .
after china joins the wto , acting in accordance with the wto trade rules , policies , and principles will effectively spur the further deepening of the reforms of our agricultural and grain operational mechanism .
these include : creating a streamlined and effective production operational management mechanism adapted to the requirements of modernization and marketization ; urging the state grain enterprises to speed up and perfect a modern enterprise management system adapted to the demands of the market economy setup ; spurring the reforms of the circulation setup for grain and other main agricultural products ; exploring a new system for harmonizing domestic and foreign trade in agricultural produce and making up for each other 's deficiencies with each other 's strong points ; further perfecting new - style organizational and operational forms for agricultural and grain industrialization ; and speeding up the " two fundamental changes " in agricultural and grain production operations , and enhancing the contribution rate of science and technology .
as the implementation of these reform moves is speeded up and continually perfected , china 's agricultural and grain production operations will come into line still faster with the international market , the breadth and depth of our participation in the international economic circle will continually expand , and we will become more and more adapted to the trend of economic globalization , thus enhancing our status as a major agricultural trading nation .
the challenges cannot be neglected while objectively viewing the multifaceted opportunities brought to our agricultural and grain production operations by joining the wto , we must also soberly realize that joining the wto will also mean a challenge for these operations .
as far as grain trade is concerned , the tariff rate within the quota is $number percent , and outside the quota it is $number percent .
joining the wto will increase permitted entry into the quota market , and this means that market competition will intensify , and grain , cotton , beans , and other products that have lost their competitive advantage will be challenged to a certain degree .
the challenge to the agricultural products market .
china has reaped bumper harvests year after year since the $date , and grain and other main products have changed from constraint by resources to dual constraint by market and resources ; a situation of phased and structural excess of supply over demand has emerged .
apart from that , prior to $date , the prices of china 's grain and cotton were lower than the international market prices , and enjoyed advantage in competition .
in the past $number years , however , china 's grain production costs have been increasing at an average annual rate of $number percent , and the prices are now higher than those on the international market .
under these supply - demand and price conditions , increased entry into the quota market may bring three challenges to our agricultural produce market , namely in quality , quantity , and price , which will have an unfavorable impact on the main producing areas of grain and other leading products .
for instance , southern provinces and regions may import fodder maize from the international market and reduce or abolish their purchases from the main maize - growing areas in the northeast , thus increasing the pressure on the domestic agricultural produce market .
the challenge to agricultural and grain production .
it is very evident that the resource constraints on china 's agriculture and grain can hardly be changed .
we have a large population and little arable land , production is on a small scale , and there is only $number mu per capita ; in some places there is under half a mu per capita . this is a big disadvantage .
and abundant resources and arable land are the advantages of certain countries , where production is on a large scale , production costs are low , and returns are high .
this determines that after joining the wto , many of china 's agricultural products are bound to face the challenge of low - tariff imports .
the challenge to peasant incomes and the employment of labor .
increasing peasant incomes and expanding employment for surplus laborers are currently the top - priority tasks in agricultural and rural economic work at present .
taking a general view , crop cultivation is the main source of income for china 's peasants .
the import of foreign agricultural products will have an impact on the income sources and job opportunities for china 's peasants , who are small - scale producers .
in particular , in north and northeast china , which are the main producing areas of wheat , maize , and soybeans , nonagricultural sectors are relatively weak , so the pressure on peasant incomes and employment will be somewhat greater .
in order to maintain and enhance the peasants ' income level , it is necessary to help and support them in opening up new industries and increasing new sources of wealth .
although wto accession may put pressure on china 's agriculture and grain production , there is nothing to fear .
objectively speaking , the pressure and challenges posed by wto accession are normal .
so long as we convert pressure into motive force , make a positive response , and meet the challenges , we will certainly be able to win sustained development for our agriculture and grain production .
actively reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls step up study , clarify misunderstanding , and establish awareness of the wto .
there are all kinds of misunderstandings in china regarding wto accession .
for instance : joining the wto is equivalent to immediately throwing open our entire market and fully instituting free market economy ; joining the wto and gradually opening up our financial and insurance markets is equivalent to completely opening up the domestic capital market ; undertaking permitted entry into the tariff quota market on accession to the wto is equivalent to letting a " market share " go ; and allowing the import of foreign grain after wto accession will threaten china 's grain security , and so on .
the main reasons for these misunderstandings are : lack of understanding of the wto and its rules ; lack of clear understanding of the all - round situation in china 's agriculture and grain production and world economic development trends ; and inability to understand in a dialectical way the relations between two kinds of resources and two markets .
take permitted market entry as an example : this is defined in the following way in the wto rules : permitting market entry refers to permitting the import of an amount of products within a certain time span , but this amount does not have to be imported ; it can be imported if required , and will not be imported if not required .
hence , there is no question of letting go a share of our domestic market in permitting market entry .
again , the view that grain imports will threaten china 's grain security is also groundless .
generally speaking , grain security can only be threatened if a country loses its grain initiative .
according to the conclusions of our government 's white paper on " china 's grain question , " it is safe and practicable for china to maintain $number percent self - sufficiency in grain .
calculating from the current domestic grain production of $number tons , $number percent grain import is $number tons .
supposing that by the end of the buffer period $date the whole amount permitted into the quota market has been imported , the maximum amount imported would be only $number tons , $number less than $number .
moreover china 's all - round grain production capacity is stable at $number tons , and we firmly control the state grain reserves and initiative in grain import and export .
it is therefore unnecessary to worry that wto accession will threaten china 's grain security .
readjust the structure , optimize the quality , and strengthen our competitive advantages .
to adapt to the new situation of intensified competition after wto accession , a strategic measure that should be taken in china 's agriculture and grain industry is : guided by domestic and international market demand , depend on support by advanced science and technology , restructure agriculture and grain , improve the varieties , optimize the quality , reduce production costs , improve services , and strengthen our competitive advantages in product quality , price , and trade services .
specifically , we should readjust the regional structure of agriculture and grain ; readjust the structure of varieties in agriculture and grain ; and carry out internal restructuring of overall agriculture , by " returning farmland to forest " in mountain areas , " returning farmland to grassland " in pastoral areas , and " returning farmland to fishery " in lake areas ; that is , we should abandon the method of developing agriculture and grain production at the cost of sacrificing the ecological environment , and open up a broad space for increasing new products that suit the demand of the international market and have competitive advantage .
deepen the reforms , create new systems , and change the form of circulation .
wto accession is not an industrial concept but a concept of setup or organizational system .
to grasp the initiative after wto accession , we must deepen the reforms , and establish a circulation setup and enterprise system suited to the demands of an open and liberalized trade setup and the intensive international market competition .
$number , we must further deepen and perfect the reforms of the circulation setup for grain and other main agricultural products .
at the same time , we should organize and build a number of " aircraft carriers " with strength and ability to lead others forward , so as to strengthen our international competitiveness .
$number , we should further perfect the foreign trade setup for grain and other main agricultural products .
after wto accession , it will be all the more urgent to establish a highly efficient and flexible agricultural produce foreign trade system with few links and low costs .
the current reform of breakthrough significance is the new setup that coordinates and unifies the separate internal and external trade systems for agricultural produce , that is , achieving integration of domestic and foreign trade in this produce in the form of joint management or joint operations , and adopting the new form of agency services in foreign trade .
the key points are : take the international market as the guide , the export commodity bases as the prop , the specialized services as the link , and integration of trade , industry , and agriculture as the organizational and operational form .
formulate an " agricultural produce antidumping law " as soon as possible , so as to preserve domestic market stability .
in order to avoid risks , the wto has formulated a set of risk prevention mechanisms that include the fields of goods trade and services trade .
for instance , wto member - states can take antidumping measures in accordance with antidumping and antisubsidy accords .
by referring to foreign methods , china should formulate an " agricultural produce antidumping law " as soon as possible as a precaution against lawless foreign speculators and in order to effectively protect our domestic market stability .
at the turn of the century , when china is about to implement the three - step strategic arrangements for its modernization building , the party central committee , with comrade jiang zemin at the core , showed great foresight by seizing this opportune moment and making the following appeal upon its correct assessment of the situation : china will implement a strategy of developing its western region on a large scale with a view to accelerating the development of central and western china .
this is a major policy decision made by our party after considering the overall interests of the country in the face of the new century .
seizing the present favorable opportunity and implementing a strategy of large - scale development in china 's western region is a strategic move which aims at bringing about common prosperity , strengthening national unity , maintaining sound social stability , and safeguarding the frontier of our country ; is an important way to expand the country 's effective domestic demands , and to bring about a sustained , rapid , and healthy growth to our economy ; is an objective requirement for the fulfillment of $number - step strategic targets of china 's modernization building ; and is also an urgent need for adapting the country to the world 's economic structural readjustment , and for enhancing its international competitiveness .
therefore , no matter whether viewed from an economic or a political angle , this is an event of both great immediate importance and profound historic significance .
the large - scale development of china 's western region is a project of enormous scale , and is also a long - term and arduous task which entails the hard work of several generations . at present , we should lay stress on such fields as infrastructural construction , ecological environmental building , economic structural readjustment , and education and scientific and technological development .
to successfully carry out our work in these fields , we should proceed from the country 's overall economic situation and strategic needs , suit measures to local conditions , make an overall plan and coordinate work in different aspects , adopt a leading approach as appropriate , and accelerate the construction of infrastructural facilities in the western region .
we should devote major attention to boosting the development of water conservancy , communications and transportation , telecommunications , and broadcasting and television services ; and see to it that the issue of ensuring a rational exploration and an effective utilization of water resources can given a prominent position .
at the same time , when we intensify our efforts in the implementation of the natural forest protection project , we should also experiment with the practice of gradually returning the grain plots to forestry and husbandry in a well - planned way , do a good job in protecting and building a sound ecological environment , clothe barren mountains and wasteland with greenery , restore the vegetation cover , and bring gradual changes to the deteriorating ecological environment in the western region .
we should seize the present historical opportunity of an economic structural readjustment in both our country and the world , take the market as our guide , rely on scientific and technological advances , intensify the economic structural readjustment in the western region , develop specialty economies and dominating industries , cultivate new economic growth points , and transform the region 's advantages in resources into economic advantages .
we should uphold the strategy of invigorating the country through science and education , and work hard to enhance the scientific and technological level of the western development .
we should take active steps to introduce advanced technologies from other parts of the country and the world , and accelerate the spread and application of scientific and technological advances .
we should give priority to the development of education ; particularly , we should make nine - year compulsory education universal and wipe out illiteracy among young and middle - aged people .
we should adopt effective policies and measures to improve the cultivation , introduction , and utilization of able personnel ; and work hard to give shape to a system and a policy environment under which able personnel are able to show their ability .
to promote the large - scale development of the western region , we should gear ourselves to changes in the country 's economic structure and its economic growth pattern , adopt a new way of thinking , explore new methods , and build up new mechanisms .
through our unremitting efforts , we aim to build up a new western region with beautiful mountains and rivers where the economy is flourishing , the society is undergoing constant progress , and people of different nationalities are united as one .
in order to step up propaganda and guidance over the implementation of the western development strategy , renmin ribao has opened this special column " notes on the journey to the western region . " this column aims to propagate the strategic choices of the central authorities ; provide people with a picture of the realistic conditions of the western region ; and discuss and study a number of difficulties , hot spots , and major issues in relation to the large - scale development of the western region .
therefore , the opening of this column is an event of extremely great significance ; and the column is expected to play a major role in seeking unity of thinking , enhancing understanding , implementing central policy decisions , and mobilizing the enthusiasm of all sides .
it is our hope that in its future propaganda efforts , the column can further propagate the great significance of the central authorities ' strategy of large - scale western development ; discuss and study new ways and new methods for pushing forward the large - scale development of the western region ; summarize and exchange the successful experiences and typical examples that are gained and established by different localities , departments , enterprises , and the masses ; and give shape to a sound environment for opinions and a sound social environment throughout the country , so that both the policy decisions of the central authorities and the gist of comrade jiang zemin 's directives on the work can be put into practice with tangible results .
the construction of rural grassroots party organizations is long - term basic task . in the new period of the development of agriculture and the rural economy , we can only strengthen this work and cannot weaken it .
so we must continuously and truly improve the general level of the construction of rural grassroots party organizations .
this is both an objective requirement for solidifying the party 's ruling position in rural areas and the heartfelt wishes of the broad masses of rural people .
however , some areas sometimes work hard in this field and sometimes slacken in this work .
this shortsighted activity in the work of constructing rural grassroots party organizations must be corrected as soon as possible .
party organizations and leading cadres at all levels must comprehensively understand and conscientiously implement the spirit of the party 's $number plenary meeting of the $number party congress and the party central committee rural work conference . they must conscientiously analyze the status and general situation of the work of constructing rural grassroots party organizations . they must both affirm achievements they already made and discern existing problems with a clear mind . they must fully understand that the construction of rural grassroots party organizations is a long - term task , and at the same time , start from reality to solve prominent problems existing in rural grassroots party organizations .
to raise the general level of the construction of rural grassroots party organizations , $number we must continue persisting in and perfecting the system under which party organizations at all levels are responsible for attaining given objectives . we must make sure that certain responsibilities are assigned to a certain person .
each level of the party organization must focus on and do their own work well . to improve the general level of the construction of rural grassroots party organizations , we must strengthen supervision , urgency and checks . we must focus on supervision , urgency and checks consistently .
we must not only attach importance to the consciousness of party committees in all areas in focusing on their own party construction , but also rely on party committees in all areas in supervising , urging and checking lower - level party committees .
they must go deep into townships and villages and directly listen to the opinions of grassroots cadres and masses . they must obtain firsthand information , help grassroots people solve their problems and promote the development of their work .
to improve the general level of the construction of rural grassroots party organizations , we must be good at studying new situations , solving new problems and summing up new experiences .
it is through unceasingly solving new problems that the work of constructing rural grassroots party organizations advances . it is through unceasingly summing up new experiences that leaders levels improve .
only through focusing on the study of new situations and new problems and on the summary of new experiences can we improve our foresight in the work of constructing rural grassroots party organizations , can we make this work more targeted and effective , and can we improve the level of constructing rural grassroots party organizations better and faster .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in answering reporters ' questions at a news conference today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said the chinese government wants to express strong dissatisfaction and firm opposition [ qiang lie bu man he jian jue fan dui $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] to the united states for its words and deeds of violating china 's sovereignty and wanton interference in china 's internal affairs [ qin fan zhong guo zhu quan cu bao gan she zhong guo nei zheng $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] on the taiwan issue .
in its recent comments on the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " published by china , the us state department said it expressed concern over china 's threat to taiwan in its white paper .
zhu bangzao commented on this and pointed out that taiwan is an inalienable part of china 's territory and the taiwan issue is purely china 's internal affair , which no foreign country has the right to interfere in .
he said that the us government has made solemn commitments on the taiwan issue to china , but has repeatedly violated the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant commitments , has sold advanced arms in large quantities to taiwan for a long time , and is considering providing theater missile defense systems for taiwan . the us congress has also attempted to adopt the " taiwan security enhancement " bill .
all this has fed the swollen arrogance of lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] and the taiwan independence forces of splitting up the motherland , and is an important root cause of tension in the situation of the taiwan strait .
zhu bangzao said if the united states is really worried about peace and stability in the taiwan region , it should scrupulously abide by the one - china principle , the three sino - us joint communiques and the " three noes " principles , stop all arms sales to taiwan , earnestly stop the us congress from adopting the " taiwan security enhancement " bill , stop all words and deeds of encroachment upon china and interference in china 's internal affairs , and do more things in the interest of peace and stability in the taiwan strait region .
thus , one important topic of discussion during the upcoming sessions of the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee will be the motherland 's reunification .
at the end of this century , hong kong and macao were returned to the motherland one after another within the " one country , two systems " framework .
this has prompted chinese people at home and abroad , who yearn for reunification , to turn their attention to taiwan .
president jiang zemin pointed out at the new year reception of the cppcc national committee that the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland indicated that the country had made important headway in achieving the motherland 's complete reunification .
premier zhu rongji also expressed the same view at a spring festival get - together .
vice premier qian qichen declared at the recent forum to mark $number anniversary of the publication of jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal that the process of accomplishing the motherland 's complete reunification by addressing the taiwan issue had entered a new stage .
all this shows that , after the hong kong and macao issues have been successfully settled , the mainland will tighten its efforts and focus its attention on settling the taiwan issue so as to accomplish the great cause of national reunification as early as possible .
meanwhile , the changes in taiwan 's political situation have also made the settlement of the taiwan issue more urgent .
while the two sides of the strait are still in a state of hostility since the taiwan issue appeared several decades ago , the two sides do agree on one fundamental issue , namely there is but one china and taiwan is part of chinese territory .
in $date , the situation in the taiwan strait began to ease , the two sides were not as estranged as before , and personnel contacts and economic and cultural exchanges between the two sides also began to develop rapidly .
in recent years , however , what used to be covert secessionist activities of " taiwan independence " advocates have become increasing more overt and rampant .
what is even more worrisome is the fact that certain leaders of the taiwan authorities have brazenly gone against the one china principle step by step .
the proposal of " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan , " and the " taiwan independence " remarks lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] have made on different occasions after he assumed power show that he is gradually heading toward the direction of secession . the " two - state theory " he openly stated last $date was a dangerous move he made on the path of splitting the motherland .
taiwan 's rampant secessionist forces have compelled the mainland to regard fighting secession and " taiwan independence " as an important political struggle .
government leaders of the motherland maintain that , while the fight against the " two - state theory " has achieved significant results , the taiwan strait is still ridden by potentially serious crisis , and that they must still be highly alert of the development of the political situation on the island .
chen yunlin , director of the state council taiwan affairs office , recently pointed out that certain people on the island are still waiting for an opportunity to separate taiwan from the motherland through " drawing up a constitution , " " revising the constitution " or " amending the law , " " legislation , " and the like .
because of this , qian qichen warned in no uncertain term that " taiwan independence " can only mean war - - and absolutely not peace - - between the two sides .
as the " presidential campaign " is currently going on in taiwan , people are particularly concerned with the development of taiwan 's political situation .
according to the media 's analysis , one of lee teng - hui 's motives in dishing out his " two - state theory " was to influence the election with the purpose of creating a " policy norm " and the fait accompli for the new leader of the taiwan authorities so that he has to inherit the " lee teng - hui line " and accomplish his " unfinished task " of rejecting and challenging the one china principle and separating taiwan from china .
the white paper , " the one china principle and the taiwan issue , " which the state council taiwan affairs office and information office published not long ago , has given rise to strong responses from media at home and abroad . the white paper has further expounded to the international community the chinese government 's basic stand and policy of upholding the one china principle , and its determination to settle the taiwan issue and achieve the motherland 's complete unification at an early date .
the white paper states that the chinese government will do everything it can to achieve a peaceful reunification , but , if there is any significant incident to separate taiwan from china in any name , if a foreign country seizes taiwan , and if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to settle peacefully the issue of reunification between the two sides through negotiations , the chinese government will be compelled to take all possible decisive measures , including using force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and accomplish china 's great reunification cause .
the media have come to notice that $number " if " is unprecedented and its meaning is clear and specific . it states in no uncertain term that the chinese government will not allow the taiwan issue to remain unresolved indefinitely .
when the " two sessions " were held last year , jiang zemin , qian qichen , tang jiaxuan and other leaders stated time and again that the taiwan issue could not remain unresolved indefinitely , and many cppcc national committee members also stated the need to intensify cross - strait exchanges and promote national reunification .
now significant changes have taken place in taiwan and cross - strait relations during the past year . more than ever before people are following closely the motherland 's reunification process , which is now at a crucial period .
the taiwan issue has become a national topic of discussion .
introduction $date , when grain prices in china were at a high , we held that there was a factor in china 's grain question for production costs to tend to rise - - a rise not linked to market balance - - and that the continual increase in production costs had forced a continual rise in grain prices , which had now steadily overtaken the grain price on the international market ; and that china had entered a stage of the overall subsidizing of agriculture by industry .
this conclusion was based on calculations from the data for grain production costs $number .
as we were limited by a lack of sufficient data at the time , we just made calculations for that $number - year period in concluding that grain production costs in china ( the costs per $number kg of grain ) had risen at an annual average of $number percent during that period .
recently we had another detailed look at the data on china 's grain production costs and made a further analysis of these costs over a $number - year period .
the data on surveying china 's grain production costs was investigated by seven units working together , including the state planning commission , and it was finally collated and summed up by that commission ; $number whole years have passed from $number to now .
the data cited in this article all comes from the " compilation of national data on agricultural costs and returns , " except where otherwise indicated .
when analyzing the changes in grain production costs during the $number years of rural reforms , we have taken $number as the base year and $number as the comparison year .
new investigation forms were used $date , including the composition of material expenditure , which is different from previously . apart from that , there were some new change characteristics in grain production costs $date , so we have not taken $number as the comparison year ; these new changes are specifically analysed in part three of the article .
in china , the main grain crops are rice , wheat , maize , millet , sorghum , and soybeans ; rice , wheat , and maize account for $number percent of the country 's grain production .
however , limited by the fact that there was no earlier collection of data for these three grain crops , we could only analyze the situation for the six crops $number years .
when analyzing the grain production costs $number years , if we use the relevant figure for production costs per mu , its comparability is affected by the increase in the per - mu yield .
if however we use the figure for production costs per $number kg of grain , we can more accurately reflect the real trends of change over many years .
in analyzing the percentage comparisons for the items that make up the production costs , we have directly used the relevant per - mu figures .
apart from that , the production costs are given in present - day prices , and we will correspondingly analyze the affect on production costs of changes in the price index .
i. calculating from the grain production costs data , the tax - inclusive costs rose at a rate of $number percent a year $number , while the average increase in the peasants ' grain selling price was $number percent ; during this period it never happened that the average selling price was below the production cost .
the people 's commune system was still in effect $date . the investigation was carried out on $number mu of grain in $number production teams ; $date it was carried out on $number mu of grain farmed by $number households in $number counties .
the grain production costs in china are mainly divided into three main parts , namely material expenditure , the cost of labor , and tax .
$date the tax - inclusive production cost of $number kg of grain was $number yuan , and $date it was $number yuan , from which we reached the figure of an annual rise of $number percent over the $number years .
$date the average state price for procuring $number kg of grain was $number yuan , and $date the average sale price was $number yuan , having increased by $number percent a year over the $number years .
comparing the percentage increases in the tax - inclusive production cost of grain and the selling price of grain , the latter was higher by $number percentage points .
the attached table $number [ not displayed ] gives a detailed calculation of the net rate of returns based on the peasants ' average selling price of grain over the years ; apart from the base year of $number , we define this as the net rate of returns on marketable grain .
the lowest rate was $number percent $date , and the highest was $number percent $date .
hence , during several periods of low grain prices $date , the idea has gone around that the peasants have been growing grain at a loss ; but if such a thing happened , it was only partial , and was not a countrywide event . since the marketable rate of china 's grain is only $number percent , the net rate of returns calculating by marketable grain is not low ; thus so long as the grain price is not lower than the production cost , the peasants can still maintain grain production without any particularly great fluctuations .
in the statistical analysis , the average figures may cover quite big fluctuations .
hence , it is necessary to carefully analyze the actual data for the tax - inclusive grain production costs and average selling prices for each year , and the changes in them ( the relevant material is in attached tables $number and $number ) [ tables not displayed ] .
apart from $number , $number . $number , $number , and $number , when production costs fell from the level of the previous year , the costs rose in every year ; in particular , there was a sustained rise for $number years starting $date , but $number saw a fall again .
hence , it can be said that the rise of grain production costs has the nature of a trend .
the annual $number percent increase in grain production costs occurred in the course of the switch from planned to market economy in china .
under the planned economy system , during the $number years $number , grain production costs rose by only $number percent a year .
the cost of producing $number kg of grain $date was $number yuan , but the state list price was only $number yuan , and the net return on $number kg of grain was thus only $number yuan .
the net return rate on production costs was only $number percent .
the cost of labor at the time was $number yuan .
under the guideline of " taking grain as the key link , " how could the peasants be anything but poor , given this level of returns , since their income mainly depended on grain production !
after the rural reforms , the peasants gained operational decision - making powers , and changes gradually occurred in grain production costs .
table $number shows the composition of and changes in grain production costs $date and $number .
the table uses the per - mu average figure . leaving aside tax , material expenditure and labor costs each account for $number percent of grain production costs in china . there has not been much change in this ratio over the $number years ; $date the ratio of material expenditure to labor costs was $number , and $date it was $number . during this period , however , the proportion of labor costs fell on numerous occasions to $number or $number percent ; see table $number for details [ table not displayed ] .
although the main items in grain production costs have actually increased , the use of certain materials has decreased ; for instance , the amount of seed used per mu was $number kg $date but $number kg $date , the latter being only $number percent of the former .
again , $number draft animal work units [ xu gong , $number $number ] were required per mu $date , but only $number $date , the latter being $number percent of the former .
as for labor units [ yong gong liang , $number $number $number ] per mu , the figure dropped from $number $date to $number $date , a decline of $number percent .
labor costs only rose during the period because the cost of a working day rose from $number yuan to $number yuan .
items of material expenditure which rose rather rapidly were agricultural chemicals , machine operations , and drainage and irrigation ( see table $number ) .
if $number three expenditure items are classified as land - substitute technical expenditure , and the middle two are classified as labor - substitute technical expenditure , then the former accounted for $number percent of material expenditure $date and showed a slight drop to $number percent $date ; on the other hand , the latter increased from $number percent $date to $number percent $date [ sentence as received ] .
expenditure on drainage and irrigation has a dual substitution role in both land and labor ; $date it accounted for $number percent and $date , $number percent .
in advanced american and european countries where there is a lot of arable land per capita , labor - substitute technology accounts for the main proportion of grain production costs ; in this respect , china cannot be compared with them in the structure of grain production costs .
in east asia , china does have a certain comparability with japan , south korea , and taiwan province , where the amount of arable land per capita is close to our figure ; and the differences in the comparisons help us to judge possible future change tendencies in china 's grain production costs .
in east asia , taiwan province has the conditions that are the closest to ours ; relevant research data shows that the main cross - strait differences in the structure of paddy production costs $date were as follows : $number .
labor expenditure in taiwan is only nearly one - $number of total production costs ; the rest is material expenditure ; whereas on the mainland material and labor expenditure each account for half the total .
taiwan uses two labor units per mu , while the mainland uses $number . $number .
in taiwan expenditure on mechanized operations is as high as $number percent of the total , while expenditure on draft animal operations is only $number percent ; on the mainland expenditure on mechanized operations accounts for $number percent and draft animal expenditure for $number percent .
expenditure on fertilizer in taiwan is relatively low , accounting for $number percent , whereas on the mainland the proportion exceeds $number percent . $number .
the proportion of rent and interest ( mainly on land leases ) in taiwan 's agricultural costs is very high , approaching one - quarter of total costs , whereas the mainland does not have these items ( although land contract and management charges appeared in the $number survey , and these could be compared with land lease , but the proportion was very small , accounting for only $number percent of total costs ) .
under these production cost structures , taiwan 's paddy production costs $date were at least $number percent higher than the international level , while the mainland 's costs were below that level at the time .
only three or four years later , however , around $number , china 's grain production costs , including paddy rice , were higher than the international average , and so far there has been no way of reversing this .
china is the biggest grain producer in the world , and it is also the major grain - producing country with the smallest amount of land per capita ; we should therefore develop land - substitute technology .
however , the switch of agricultural laborers to non - agricultural work in the process of china 's modernization and the increase in the costs of a working day as the peasants ' incomes increase are bound to reduce labor force input , and labor - substitute technology will develop in corresponding fashion ; these are two hard choices facing china .
in reality , although the cost of land - substitute technology is increasing , it cannot catch up with the increase in the cost of labor - substitute technology .
this shows that the switch of china 's agricultural labor force to non - agricultural work and the development of rural urbanization are slow .
surplus rural laborers do not have more opportunities to obtain higher incomes than they have in agriculture , and so there is not sufficient motive force for the peasants to reduce their working days ; in addition the cost of a working day is rising rapidly , and the proportion of labor in the production costs remains high without declining .
this trend of development has caused the situation today where china 's grain production costs are already higher than the international level even though china 's agriculture is far from achieving modernization .
this has already had a major impact on the process of china 's modernization , and it will play a role in the next one or two decades or even longer .
and almost the whole of the east asia region has experienced a course of labor - substitute technology development ; for instance , $date taiwan 's labor costs exceeded the material costs , the two were about the same $date , and after another $number years of development , the labor costs are now only about one - $number of the total costs .
hence , it is expected that for quite a long time to come , it will be very important to strive to reduce the proportion of labor costs in grain production costs .
agricultural production is different from industrial production , in that there is a low degree of coincidence between the production time and the labor time .
given also the impact of natural disasters , fluctuations in china 's grain production can hardly be avoided ; in particular , $date there has roughly been a three - year small cycle and a six - year large cycle fluctuation .
and the grain procurement price set by the state always stays unchanged for several years , and moreover increases instead of falling in most years .
the marketable rate of china 's grain is generally held to be $number percent ; not $number percent of the marketable grain - - that is , $number percent of total grain output - - is ordered or bought at negotiated prices by the state .
hence , over half the peasants ' surplus grain is sold in the market , and the fluctuations in its price are rather greatly affected by supply - demand relations , and quite a small shortage or surplus will cause quite big fluctuations in market price .
the behavior of peasant households in the face of shortage or surplus plays the role of sending a big signal ; thus the average price at which the peasants sell their grain fluctuates upward or downward around the state procurement prince .
when there is a bumper harvest and ample supplies , even if the state procurement price is set relatively high , under the influence of low market prices , the average actual grain selling price will not be too high .
on the other hand , if the harvest is poor and supply is tight , even if the state procurement price is set on the low side , under the influence of high market prices , the average actual selling price will be on the high side and will form an upward pressure on the state procurement price .
in the record bumper years of $number and $number , the average grain selling price fell under this effect ( see attached table $number ) .
in particular , although the state has openly bought the peasants ' surplus grain at protected prices $date , the average selling price has actually declined year on year ; $date the cumulative drop was $number percent , and the selling price that year was lower than $date .
in fact , the drop in grain production costs $date ( there was a $number percent drop ) already indicates a decline in the income of grain - growing peasants ; $number of all , the grain price dropped by $number percent ; $number , apart from a fall in the price of production materials and reduced input , the decline in working day costs was also a factor in the drop in production costs .
this was because working day costs dropped from $number yuan $date to $number yuan $date , a drop of $number percent .
according to the formula for calculating working day costs : the cost of an agricultural working day in a year equals the peasants ' average expenditure on daily life consumption in the year multiplied by the number of people that an agricultural laborer is supporting , divided by the number of working days ( $number ) in the year .
$date the number of working days was the same as in the previous year , and the number of people supported by each agricultural laborer fell slightly $number compared with $number , a small change ( $number percent ) .
hence , the drop in the cost of the working day was obviously mainly caused by a reduction in the peasants ' average expenditure on daily life consumption .
the reason for this reduction , as verified by the state planning commission , was that their actual income from grain declined , and not because they reduced their expenditure in expectation of reduced income .
hence , the actual income of the $number grain - growing peasants included in the survey on grain production costs fell $date instead of rising , and this led to a decline in the cost of the working day .
from the formula for calculating the cost of the working day , we can see that the number of peasant working days over the whole year ( $number ) is identical to the working days of urban workers ( after excluding two days of rest and festivals and holidays ) .
it is worth discussing whether this calculation fully accords with china 's national condition .
household contract operations undertaken by china 's peasants are after all different from operational - style farms where the goal is to maximize profit ; in particular , grain - growing peasants who focus on grain production always have few other channels of income ; according to the existing $number or $number labor units per mu , if one household has $number mu of land , they will only work $number days a year , that is , about four months , and they have a great deal of surplus time ; thus they will not haggle too much over how much work is done .
the tax - inclusive production costs of grain in china rose by $number percent a year $number ; in that case , will the production costs rise by such a great percentage in the next three to five years or longer ?
looking at the situation over the past $number years , the changes in grain production costs and prices have been quite greatly affected by the speed of economic growth .
when the economy develops at high speed , the shift of agricultural laborers to non - agricultural work speeds up , and there is a large movement of peasant laborers , which affects grain supply and demand in two ways ; $number is the effect on grain production of the shift of laborers to non - agricultural work ; $number is that the grain consumption of peasant laborers who flock into the towns is always higher than when they were doing agricultural labor , and the role of these two factors together causes some shortage in grain supply , and this forms into considerable upward pressure on grain prices ; the result of the role of such pressure plus the effect of natural disasters causes grain market prices to rise and leaves the government with no alternative but to raise the state grain procurement price .
at such times , the net return rate on marketable grain is always very high , so the peasants will increase input ; and when that happens , even if the prices of production material rise and their input are increased , and production costs simultaneously rise very rapidly , the peasants will still be able to make a profit ; this is what happened for several years $date .
but $date , when the price of the grain sold by the peasants started to decline , the increase in the peasants ' grain production costs has also slowed down , and finally $date the decline in the grain price forced the peasants to lower production costs in order to ensure that their net income did not decline too much .
according to this trend of development , since the economic development rate $date is estimated to be the same or slightly higher than $date , while the increase in the peasants ' income has slowed down , plus the fact that average prices over the year may still have shown negative growth , and the price of agricultural production materials was weak , the result is that grain production costs $date were still lower than $date , and the drop is estimated to be $number percent .
the year $number may very likely be a turning - point year ; after china joins the world trade organization [ wto ] , it is extremely likely that the speed of our economic development will increase .
and judging by the natural climatic cycle , this is also very likely to be a year of serious natural disasters ; on top of that , the sown area of grain will be adjusted downward , which will affect production , so the grain supply - demand relationship may change to a somewhat tense direction .
if the economy heats up again in the next two or three years , and there is another big movement of peasant laborers , grain consumption is sure to rise , with the result that the grain price will increase again , the peasants ' production input will increase , and grain production costs will correspondingly rise .
after china joins the wto , however , the grain import tariff will be further reduced $date , and if we do not restrict large amounts of foreign grain from coming onto our market , it will be impossible to sustain high production costs for domestic grain , and it is very likely that grain production and indeed peasant incomes will enter a period of stagnant growth , which will have a tremendous impact on rural and indeed urban social stability .
summarizing the above analysis , we estimate that there will be a big decline in the rate of increase of grain production costs in the next three to five years .
in order to avoid big fluctuations in grain price , in the future it would be best if the government can readjust the grain procurement price each year in light of the supply - demand and price situation .
at the same time , when setting the state procurement price each year , it should let the local governments refer to the changes in the peasants ' grain production costs and their rate of return on marketable grain in the previous year ; in this way they can both increase peasant incomes and avoid excessive increases in urban dwellers ' expenditure , while the state treasury will not have to bear too great a burden .
after china joins the wto , we must protect the interests of our grain - growing peasants as far as possible , and cannot allow too much foreign grain to hit our domestic market .
otherwise , within a short time grain prices in the towns will be relatively low , but in the long term , after grain production has suffered blows , it will be the state 's grain security and the interests of the whole of society that will be affected , and this is something that we cannot take lightly .
for many years japan , south korea , and china 's taiwan province have not shrunk from paying high subsidies to maintain high production costs and prices for grain in order to balance urban and rural income levels , and there is justification in this .
we obviously do not have the finance to provide such high subsidies , but we absolutely cannot fail to attach importance to the interests of the grain - growing peasants ; we should coordinate our moves with countries such as japan and south korea and continue to protect our domestic grain production and the interests of the grain - growing peasants as much as we can , within the scope allowed by the wto multilateral accords , to ensure china 's grain security .
a great deal of data cite the analysis of ( ratan ) and ( sushi ) concerning the types of agricultural growth in the united states and japan , that is , increased output in us agriculture is mainly determined by the progress of its mechanization technology ( reflecting the scarcity of labor ) , and increased output in japanese agriculture is mainly determined by the progress of biotechnology ( reflecting scarcity of land ) .
although they use different compositions of technology and key elements , the united states and japan have achieved roughly similar speed in agricultural growth .
this example is indeed very typical .
the problem , however , lies in the fact that in countries with land scarcity , as the economy develops and people 's incomes increase , labor may also become a scarce key element ; in japan , for instance , there have long been no purely agricultural households , since all of them also take part in other undertakings to a greater or lesser extent ; given the scarcity of land and labor , it can be said that the high production costs of japan 's agricultural products including grain are inevitable , and unless japan makes much greater progress than the united states in biotechnology , the majority of its agricultural products including grain cannot compete with the united states .
similarly , in order to reduce china 's grain production costs , it is essential to start from two aspects , that is , it is necessary to achieve progress in production technology as a substitute for land ; and also , to achieve progress in mechanization technology in the process of the growth of peasant income and the rapid rise in the cost of the working day , in order to replace labor with relatively low - cost machinery .
from table $number , we can see that the cost of mechanized operations is the item that has increased the most in the material costs over the past $number years ; the implicit high price of farm machinery and the resulting problems of high depreciation and uneconomic scale of mechanization mean that there is great room for improvement . hence , apart from the question of whether or nor our surplus agricultural labor can be shifted to other work , whether or not china 's grain production costs can fall in the future will also be decided by whether there is sufficient agrotechnical input and whether we can make progress in biotechnology and mechanization technology .
" there is only one china in the world , taiwan is a part of china , and the one - china principle is the basis and precondition for realizing peaceful reunification .
realizing the motherland 's total reunification is a common wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is where their fundamental interests lie .
the chinese government and people by no means can tolerate ' taiwan independence ' and other splittist plots . "
this was the remark made by li zhaoxing , chinese ambassador to the united states , at a meeting today with $number assistants to us congressmen .
li zhaoxing said : taiwan is an inalienable part of china , and the taiwan issue involves china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and affects the feelings of all chinese people .
the chinese government will continue to implement the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal ; will develop cross - strait relations in an all - round manner , actively promote cross - strait personnel , economic , cultural exchanges , and exchanges in other fields ; and strive to establish the " three direct links " between the two sides at an early date .
under the one - china principle , we are willing to extensively exchange views with all parties , organizations , and people of taiwan who are willing to develop cross - strait relations , in order to create conditions for cross - strait dialogue and talks .
li zhaoxing said : according to the central government 's instructions , the chinese embassy in washington will continue to strengthen contacts with taiwan compatriots , ensure their legitimate interests , and do everything we can to help them solve their difficulties .
li zhaoxing stressed : defending national sovereignty and territorial integrity is a major principle upheld by all sovereign countries .
since the taiwan affairs office and information office of china 's state council issued the " one - china principle and the taiwan issue " white paper , a few us politicians have slandered the chinese government for making " provocation " which may cause tensions in the taiwan strait region .
this is the typical hegemonist logic of confusing right and wrong and calling white black and black white .
the chinese government and people ardently love peace , and " one country , two systems and peaceful reunification " is our basic principle for settling the taiwan issue .
if tensions arise in the taiwan strait , it could only be the consequence brought about by the " taiwan independence " force with li teng - hui [ li denghui ] as its general representative , with the connivance and support of some seemingly gentlemanly foreign forces which are hostile to china .
as a matter of fact , supporting " taiwan independence " is provoking chinese people to fight chinese people .
the chinese people and the people of the world can see this very clearly .
li zhaoxing said : the taiwan issue has always been the most sensitive and most important core problem in sino - us relations .
to defend china 's sovereignty and the chinese people 's dignity and to ensure that the chinese government 's efforts to realize the motherland 's peaceful reunification are not disturbed and sabotaged , we resolutely oppose the sale of advanced weapons to taiwan by the united states and selling or transferring to taiwan systems associated with the so - called theater missile defense [ tmd ] system , and we resolutely oppose the " taiwan security enhancement act . "
to ensure that sino - us relations develop steadily and are not impaired , the united states should abide by the principles laid down in the three sino - us joint communiques and its relevant commitments - - this is the most basic thing .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan 's four - nation trip to asia and africa was a success .
from $date , foreign minister tang paid an official visit to mauritania , tunisia , kuwait , and iran by invitation .
during the visit , tang jiaxuan held talks with the foreign ministers of the four countries and had separate meetings with the leaders of these countries .
zhu bangzao said : the two sides had an in - depth exchange of views on further strengthening diverse cooperative relations between china and the four countries in the political , economic , trade , and cultural fields , and on international and regional issues , such as the establishment of a new international political and economic order , the middle east issue , the gulf situation , and the iraq issue .
he said : all four countries indicated that they attach importance to developing relations with china and are willing to further increase coordination and cooperation with china at the united nations and other international venues , in a joint effort to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries .
the spokesman said that the visit achieved the goal of enhancing understanding , deepening friendship , expanding common ground , and promoting cooperation [ zeng jin liao jie jia shen you yi kuo da gong shi cu jin he zuo $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] .
spokesman yu shuning [ $number $number $number ] from the prc embassy in the united states said on $date that the taiwan matter is an internal chinese affair . the chinese government firmly opposes interference in taiwan affairs by outside forces , including the united states , hoping that the united states will adhere conscientiously to the " one - china " principle , to not block chinese reunification .
yu shuning held a news conference today on the white paper issued by china on " the one - china principle and the taiwan matter . "
he said the " white paper " shows the sincerity of the chinese government to pursue a peaceful resolution of the taiwan matter and its determination to defend our national reunification . its key substance is the hope that taiwan will return to its " one china " stand , as the premise for a resumption of cross - strait dialogue and negotiation .
he said the " white paper " was issued within a setting of the taiwan separatist forces intensifying their efforts to block cross - strait reunification , and of some americans meddling more actively in the taiwan matter .
it was certainly not aimed at the taiwan " election , " and was not a military threat .
yu shuning noted that the " white paper " shows full flexibility on peaceful reunification . under the " one china " principle , all matters can be discussed , including the future political status of taiwan , and the preservation of the necessary international space for its s & t and economic interaction .
the only way out for taiwan is for the taiwan authorities to abandon their " two - states theory , " and return to their " one china " stand .
this spokesman criticized the us government for claiming to respect the " one china " principle on one hand while constantly violating its own commitments on the other , including ones such as its commitment to not increase the quantity and quality of its arms sales to taiwan . and now the " taiwan security enhancement act " has also appeared , in an attempt to resume military relations with taiwan .
" as to matters involving national sovereignty , there is no room for bargaining . "
yu shuning cited deng xiaoping 's words back then .
and he reemphasized that the " one china " principle is the key to solving the taiwan problem .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - negotiations between china and the eu on china 's accession to the world trade organization ended this afternoon . the two sides did not reach an agreement , but the eu representative office in china issued a brief statement saying progress has been made in the negotiations .
the technical negotiations this time began on $date and lasted four days .
commenting on the negotiations this time , hans - friedrich beseler , head of the eu delegation and director general of the european commission 's trade directorate , said : " the gap has been narrowed , but we have not yet come together . "
the date for the next negotiations has not yet been fixed .
according to a source close to the negotiations , the two sides mainly have differences on telecommunications , insurance , and agricultural products .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - speaking here today , chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao formally asked the japanese government not to allow the dalai lama into japan .
japan 's tokyo governor shintaro ishihara yesterday said that he would receive and hold talks with the dalai lama in his capacity as governor .
zhu bangzao said that china is very concerned [ shi fen guan zhu $number $number $number $number ] about this , and has on many occasions made representations to the japanese government .
he sternly reiterated that the dalai is a political exile who has chronically engaged in separatist activities under the cloak of religion .
china solemnly urges the japanese government to earnestly honor the commitments it has made to the chinese side and refrain from allowing the dalai into the country , so as not to create new obstructions to relations between the two countries .
it has been reported that the united states and the philippines are conducting a joint military exercise in the south china sea .
commenting on this , the spokesman said that china hopes relevant activities could contribute to regional peace and stability .
hangzhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , emphatically pointed out in zhejiang : heeding the opinions of the masses on a regular and institutional basis is a crucial link to wholeheartedly fulfilling service to the people and is an important measure to better foster cadres , to which cadres at all levels must attach great importance .
li ruihuan went to yuhang city in zhejiang province from on $date to investigate and study the " three stresses " education of the city 's leading body and leading cadres in accordance with the unified arrangement of the central authorities and direct mobilization of the city 's leading cadres to participate in the education .
he called some retired veteran comrades and responsible persons of relevant units to a forum ; listened to the report of the city party committee on the preparatory work concerning " three stresses " education ; and delivered a speech at the meeting of the city 's leading cadres on " three stresses " education .
because the work with counties and cities is the basis for our work in various fields and is the turning point between macro - level policy decisions and their micro implementation , the party 's and the state 's fundamental policies , the higher organizations ' policy decisions and arrangements , the various tasks of reform , development , and stability should be turned into specific measures and actual actions through counties and cities .
because leading cadres at the county and city level serve as a bridge directly linking the party and the government with the masses , they come face to face with the masses at the grass - roots units , and have the most frequent contacts with ordinary people . thus , the soundness of the relationship between the party and the masses and between the cadres and the masses and the image of the party and the government among the masses hinge to a greater extent on the ideological and political quality , mental outlook , and attitude toward work of leading cadres at the county and city level .
because the leadership posts at the county and city level are also schools to foster outstanding leadership talent , and because counties and cities have complete functions just as " the sparrow may be small but it has all the vital organs , " the posts are the most suitable places to temper cadres ; a considerable number of senior and medium - level leading cadres have grown to maturity after being tempered at such posts .
li ruihuan urged yuhang city to comprehensively implement the spirit of the central authorities ' arrangements and general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech , effectively solve the pronounced problems facing party conduct and party style of work , and ensure that the various tasks of " three stresses " education are fulfilled with high quality . he expressed the hope that through " three stresses " education , the cadres ' mental outlook would undergo a new change and a new situation would emerge in economic construction and social development .
accompanied by provincial party secretary li dejiang , governor chai songyue , and cppcc provincial committee chairman liu feng on $date , li ruihuan inspected hangzhou , jiaxing , and other places .
he went right to the qinshan nuclear power company and other enterprises as well as economic development zones and solicited the opinions and suggestions of cadres , staff members , and workers on deepening reform and opening up to the outside world with good results ; inspected municipal works and cultural units , and exchanged views with local responsible comrades on how to do a better job in city planning and spiritual civilization building ; visited peasant families and acquired information in details about their production and livelihood ; and called on members attending $number session of the $number cppcc zhejiang provincial committee and encouraged them to better perform their duties and make new contributions in pushing the people 's political consultative cause .
li ruihuan listened to the work reports of the provincial party committee and the provincial government during the morning of $date and delivered a speech at the gathering , highly appraising the achievements zhejiang province scored in its work in various fields in recent years and expressing the hope that cadres and the masses across the province would further emancipate their minds , seek truth from facts , and sum up their experience and forge ahead in practice .
when talking about establishing closer ties between the party and the masses , li ruihuan said : for leading cadres at all levels to heed the opinions of the masses should become regular and institutionalized .
he pointed out : heeding the opinions of the masses on a regularly basis is our fine tradition .
leaders of the older generation attached particular importance to the opinions of the masses ; stressed that people should consult with the masses when matters arise ; encouraged people to $number become pupils of the people before becoming their teachers ; and urged people to get the opinions of the masses and refer them back to the masses .
however , nowadays in some places the masses are less consulted and their opinions are less heeded when matters arise .
some comrades regard themselves as infallible and will not altogether approve of the opinions of the masses ; some take a perfunctory attitude toward the opinions of the masses ; others just heed what is pleasant to their eyes and reject differing opinions ; and still others issue orders to the masses in the fine - sounding name of heeding the opinions of the masses .
in a unit or a locality , if there is no sound there to hear or if lying can be found almost everywhere , although this is an issue of social practice , the root cause behind the phenomenon lies with the local leaders .
he pointed out : very often we say that serving the people wholeheartedly is the purpose of the party and the government . if we do not heed the opinions of the masses in a regular basis , how can we clearly understand what and how we should serve and how we can render better service ?
very we say we should rely on the masses in all things . if we do not heed the masses on a regular basis , how can we be subject to supervision by the masses , how can we pool the wisdom and strength of the masses , and how can we correct errors , overcome difficulties , and solve problems ?
very often we say the party and the masses maintain flesh - and - blood ties , are as inseparable as fish and water , and forge a relationship of public servants ; if we do not heed the opinions of the masses on a regular basis and the two are separated , what situation and results will occur ?
as far as leading cadres are concerned , politics means uniting more people ; capability means bringing the enthusiasm of the masses into full and rational play ; and authority means making the masses satisfied and happy and enjoying their support .
it is impossible to achieve all these if the opinions of the masses are not heeded .
he stressed : we must heed the opinions of the masses genuinely and sincerely , solicit the opinions of those who do have differing opinions and dare to air them rather than those who blindly flatter , thank them rather than having an aversion to those who raise their differing opinions , and give them the opportunity to talk rather than keeping their grievances pent up .
we must heed the opinions of the masses on a regular basis whether circumstances are difficult or favorable or when we have free time or are fully occupied , and strive to develop it into a habit , a conscious action , and a general practice to heed the opinions of the masses .
we must heed the opinions of the masses on an institutional basis ; turn the practice into a regular task on our agenda rather than an impulsive movement and into a procedure that should be adhered to in the course of policymaking rather than a form that is not indispensable ; and work out provisions concerning the time , methods , and contents of heeding the opinions of the masses on an institutional basis and supervise their implementation .
geneva , $date ( xinhua ) - - in his speech at the disarmament negotiation meeting in geneva , hu xiaodi , chinese deputy representative to the un geneva office and other international organizations in switzerland , and ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary for disarmament affairs , said that in view of the situation of the utilization of outer space , especially the trends and prospects for weaponization and an arms race in outer space , guarding against an arms race in outer space is one of the most urgent and conspicuous issues in the field of international arms control and disarmament at present .
hu xiaodi pointed out that since mankind started the utilization of outer space , acts of military utilization of outer space have never stopped .
in $date , a relevant country again put forward a strategic long - term plan for its military aerospace development $date , and it regarded seeking space superiority as the most important task of the aerospace sector of that country $date . it also put forward four concepts to ensure its superiority in space : these are , control over space , a global war , comprehensive integration of forces , and global partnership .
according to the above plan , in $number years , ground - based , sea - based , and air - based weapons for the battlefield in outer space , and combat aircraft , space - based platforms , and space - based laser devices directly deployed in outer space will be crucial weapon systems in the strategy of that country .
he said that a certain country has energetically developed the " theater missile defense system " and the " national missile defense system " in recent years . all these systems require the support of space systems and the use of advanced weapons in space to fulfill tasks of missile interception in space .
because of the implementation of these plans , space is becoming a test ground for new weapons .
hu xiaodi pointed out that the implementation of the plans mentioned above can have two consequences : $number is that other countries will be compelled to accept the fact that one or two outer space great powers will be able to further seize absolute strategic superiority on the ground and in outer space , while keeping their enormous nuclear arsenals and the most advanced conventional arsenals at present . $number is to cause other countries to react on the ground , in the air , and in outer space , and it is difficult to estimate such consequence .
either prospect will annul all efforts in nuclear disarmament and the prevention of proliferation .
he urged the disarmament negotiation meeting to discuss the topic of " guarding against an arms race in outer space " in light of the new trends of the development , manufacturing , and possible deployment of relevant weapon systems , including the missile defense system , take practical measures , earnestly guard against the weaponization of outer space , prohibit the testing , deployment , and use of any weapon system and its components and parts in outer space , prohibit turning outer space into a battlefield , and prohibit the use of outer space in attacking ground targets or in seeking strategic superiority on the ground .
in his speech at the meeting , russian disarmament ambassador sidorov [ name as transliterated ] said the plan to deploy in outer space weapon systems to destroy ground , air , and outer space targets will trigger off a new round of the arms race in outer space , and this issue will cause universal anxiety in the international community .
he said he supports china 's repeated proposal on the reestablishment of a special committee for discussing the issue of " guarding against arms race in outer space " under the disarmament negotiation meeting in order to negotiate and sign , as early as possible , an international legal document to ban the testing , deployment , and use of weapon systems and their parts and components in outer space and to guard against weaponization in outer space .
beijing , $date ( zhongguo xinwen she ) - - the central committees of various democratic parties and the national association of industry and commerce jointly held a forum here this afternoon on the publication of a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . " zhang kehui , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] and chairman of the central committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league , chaired the forum .
he said : the publication of the white paper is very encouraging to the people , and it has made clear the chinese government 's solemn and just stand and firm attitude in its effort to realize the complete reunification of the motherland ; this has once again made known to the whole world that the issue of china 's reunification can never be put off indefinitely .
realizing the complete reunification of the motherland on the premise of one china accords with the aspirations of all chinese people at home and abroad , and it is the common wish of all members of the democratic parties and the national association of industry and commerce .
zhou tienong , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and executive vice chairman of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee , said : the white paper was published in good time , which has clearly pointed out a direction for the development of cross - strait relations .
the one - china principle is the cornerstone of the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan .
it is best to achieve cross - strait reunification by peaceful means , that is , we should $number hold dialogues and consultations .
the mainland of the motherland has expressed its maximum sincerity that any questions can be discussed on the one - china principle .
the publication of the white paper is a great encouragement to all chinese and foreign personages who advocate and support the peaceful reunification of china and a powerful deterrent to all hegemonists , interventionists , and separatists .
wu xiuping , vice chairman of the central committee of the china democratic league , said : the white paper has once again explained china 's principled stand to the international community and reiterated that foreign hostile forces will never be allowed to have a hand in the taiwan issue and to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
the china democratic league fully supports the chinese government 's adherence to the one - china principle and policy .
we should make every possible effort to promote the settlement of the taiwan issue at an early date .
chen mingde , general secretary of the central committee of the china democratic national construction association , pointed out : the white paper is a document in which the chinese government has further explained its one - china principle and policy to the international community , and it is also a declaration that the chinese people are determined to settle the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date .
chu zhuang , vice chairman of the central committee of the china association for promoting democracy , said : we believe that taiwan compatriots who hope for cross - strait reunification can more clearly understand the adherence of the mainland of the motherland to one - china principle and policy and work together with the compatriots on the mainland to resist the acts of dividing the motherland and advocating " taiwan independence " and to strive for the peaceful reunification of the motherland at an early date .
li meng , vice chairman of the central committee of the chinese peasants and workers democratic party , said : the one - china principle is the foundation and prerequisite for cross - strait reunification , which must not be allowed to be undermined .
the chinese peasants and workers democratic party now calls for holding negotiations between the two sides of the taiwan strait as soon as possible ; negotiations should be held " $number on the formal end of hostilities between the two sides , " which president jiang zemin proposed several times , and then efforts should be made to seek methods and ways to resolve political differences .
du yijin , vice chairman of the central committee of the china zhi gong dang , said : the two sides are closer to each other during the ebb tide ; china will become prosperous after its reunification .
promoting and developing cross - strait relations and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date conform to the will and common aspirations of the people .
hong fuzeng , vice chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society , stressed : the complete reunification of the motherland is not only a lofty ideal all chinese people have been hankering for but also a historic opportunity for achieving the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation $date .
the jiusan society sincerely hopes that the chinese people on both sides of the taiwan strait will join hands at an early date and satisfactorily settle the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland in accordance with the basic principle of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems . "
li minkuan , vice chairman of the taiwan democratic self - government league , said : cross - strait relations are at a critical moment .
the danger of separating taiwan " legally " from the motherland by the separatist forces in taiwan still exists .
we believe and hope that taiwan compatriots who select the peaceful reunification of the two sides will be able to see through lies , to tell the true from the false , and to make their wise choice .
wang zhiguo , vice chairman of the national association of industry and commerce , said : taiwan is china 's inalienable territory , and the ties of blood and kinship between the chinese people on both side of the strait can never be cut off , and they all are concerned about the destiny of the motherland and the future of the nation .
adhering to the one - china principle accords with the common aspirations of all chinese people on both sides of the strait , and it is in their immediate and long - term interests .
zhu bangzao said : the two issues are not related at all .
resolution of the pntr issue represents the consensus in the agreement reached by china and the united states on china 's accession to the wto ; it conforms with the common interests of the people of china and the united states .
moreover , zhu bangzao pointed out , the issue is also not related to the taiwan issue at all .
the spokesman said : china believes that farsighted members of the us congress will support maintaining pntr with china .
china hopes that the us side will consider sino - us relations and the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries and hold dialogue as soon as possible to resolve the issue of pntr with china , so as to create favorable conditions for sino - us economic cooperation and trade and for the long - term , healthy development [ chang qi jian kang fa zhan $number $number $number $number $number $number ] of relations between the two countries .
on the issue of choosing a new managing director to the international monetary fund [ imf ] , zhu bangzao expressed the hope that the imf would choose a new managing director as soon as possible , for the sake of normal progress in the organization 's work .
this reporter learned from the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation that a new round of bilateral talks on china 's wto entry were held in beijing $date between a chinese delegation headed by long yongtu , chief negotiator of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and an eu delegation headed by bei sile [ name as transliterated ] , director general of trade of eu .
after the talks , long yongtu said : with the two rounds of consultations - - one held in brussels in $date and the current one in beijing - - the negotiation stands of the two sides have become very close .
the chinese side is of the view that conditions for holding ministerial - level talks between the two sides have ripened .
shi guangsheng , chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , welcomes eu trade commissioner lamy to visit china to finally conclude the sino - eu talks on china 's wto entry .
jiang zemin arrived in guangzhou on the evening of the day before and immediately went to inspect a unit of the guangzhou military region located in guangzhou city .
but informed sources did not approve of some hong kong newspaper reports saying jiang zemin 's current south china inspection is targeted at taiwan .
the sources said : the reason jiang zemin inspected the troop in guangzhou was that the troop is a veteran red army troop with illustrious war exploits in history . it was natural for the chairman of the central military commission to call on officers and men of the troop , since they were on the way of his journey .
yesterday morning , jiang zemin and his entourage went by car to visit the guangzhou honda automobile company ( formerly guangzhou peugeot automobile company ) , a jointly - invested enterprise which recently has successfully transformed itself . the company had been operating at a loss for many years , but now it has received orders for deliveries up to the year $number . after hearing a report on the company 's operations , jiang zemin said the company 's experience has practical guiding significance for many jointly - invested enterprises running at a loss in china .
jiang zemin stayed at guangzhou 's zhuhai guesthouse , a garden - like guesthouse used by guangdong exclusively to accommodate central leaders . ordinarily , the guesthouse is open to the public , but it had been closed for business since the afternoon of the day before .
armed policemen and public security personnel could be seen guarding along a way $number meters long inside the compound .
an attendant at the guesthouse said it will reopen for business on $date at the earliest .
since last $date when liu mingkang , vice governor of the people 's bank of china , suddenly replaced zhu xiaohua as chairman of the everbright group , zhu xiaohua has disappeared from the scene . hong kong 's media earlier reported that he was transferred to become deputy director of the economic restructuring office of the state council .
zhu xiaohua was investigated for a number of major problems , according to the source . they included his use of $number hong kong dollars to speculate in the stock market while he was chairman of the everbright group $date and the disappearance of china everbright bank loans worth $number hong kong dollars that he approved .
in addition , departments concerned have also found proof that he threw away money , like his dirty gambling in las vegas during his trip to the united states .
when he was mayor of shanghai , zhu rongji thought highly of zhu xiaohua , now $number years old , when he served as vice president of the people 's bank of china shanghai branch $date .
$date , zhu rongji began to launch a large - scale rectification drive of the financial industry . after personally assuming the post of the central bank governor , he named zhu xiaohua vice governor of the central bank . zhu xiaohua was transferred to serve as director of the state administration of exchange control the next year .
when he took over the post from zhu xiaohua on $date , liu mingkang said : " chairman zhu is being transferred back to the mainland in a routine reshuffle . there are other arrangements waiting for him . i hope you will not give credence to rumors . "
$number time was $date when he became the deputy head of the economic affairs department of the xinhua news agency hong kong branch . $number time was $date when he became chairman of the hong kong everbright group . after he became chairman , the everbright group 's performance was quite good for a while , with sharp increases in its assets .
commenting on zhu xiaohua 's " slip " during his reign at everbright , people outside the loop said he , $number of all , was guilty of making arbitrary decisions and taking peremptory actions and , $number , he could not stay on good terms with kong dan , the son of former cpc intelligence chief , kong yuan .
kong dan , as general manager of the everbright , was a " veteran who has stayed in power under three different administrations . " yet , when zhu xiaohua took over the post of chairmanship , he treated kong coldly in every possible way and refused to give him real power .
the " two sessions " to be held at the turn of the century are of extreme significance .
the sessions will sum up the fighting courses that the chinese people took in the past year to tide over all sorts of difficulties and risks under the extremely complicated environment at home and abroad and to continue pushing forward the reform , opening up , and socialist modernization drive and will plan and arrange major tasks for the country in the last year of this century .
to have a better and clear understanding of the situation and to define tasks , this staff reporter had interviews with some deputies to the national people 's congress [ npc ] and members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] and wrote a series of articles , which will be published , in succession , from $date for the vast number of readers , deputies , and cppcc members .
$number article - - tackling key problems in reform : state - owned enterprises play the most important role in reform $number article - - economic development : the good trend of expanding domestic demand $number article - - democracy and legal system : take a new , firm step $number article - - spiritual civilization : form strong cohesion $number article - - rejuvenating the country with science and education : advance in a down - to - earth manner and see real results along with the fast and sound development of the economy , china worked out several major measures for economic reform $date .
prior to the convocation of the " two sessions , " this reporter had interviews with some npc deputies and cppcc members on the topic of economic reform .
the deputies and cppcc members maintained that reform is advancing wider and steadily , great efforts have been made in reform , and achievements are noticeable .
state - owned enterprises carry out reform in a drastic way reform of the state - owned enterprises is the focus of the economic reform , as well as the " key " to the reform program .
the measures taken to reform the state - owned enterprises $date could be called " drastic " measures .
the " debt - equity swap " program draws the attention of the people most .
this is a major measure that the state applies to reduce the debts of key state - owned enterprises .
heavy debts are key factors preventing state - owned enterprises from making profits . some enterprises , though with good products and management , do not have capital funds and cannot run well due to their heavy burdens .
the " debt - equity swap " policy , since its stipulation in $number half of $number , has acquired active response from the state - owned large and medium - sized enterprises .
for instance , some large key enterprises , such as anshan iron and steel company , benxi iron and steel company , china faw group corporation , and china $number motor company , have turned nearly $number debts or nearly $number yuan of debts into shares .
zhang shiduan , a deputy to the npc and general director of the chinese side of the shenlong motor company under dongfeng group , said that this reform measure helps state - owned enterprises resolve a big problem left over by history and that it also produces good results in enhancing state - owned key enterprises ' market competitiveness .
at present , state departments concerned have recommended , through examinations , $number enterprises to carry out the " debt - equity swap " program and expect to help them turn $number yuan of debts into shares .
enterprises expanded step by step the dynamics of merger and bankruptcy . the state made a decision on enabling some large enterprises to close down and declare bankruptcy .
last year , the state allocated dozens of $number reserve funds for clearance of bad bank debts mainly to the ailing state - owned large and medium - sized enterprises of key trades , such as textile , coal , non - ferrous metal , metallurgical , and war industries , for their close - down and bankruptcy . meanwhile , the state has preliminarily arranged close - down and bankruptcy - declaring procedures for $number - odd large coal , non - ferrous , and textile industrial enterprises each with $number staff members and workers .
the state economic and trade commission introduced that $number yuan were arranged in the last two years to write off bad debts . after these funds are put in place , $number ailing large and medium - sized enterprises will be helped to halt deficits .
the year $number was one when greatest efforts were exerted to realign and technologically transform state - owned enterprises .
after basically resolving the problems of separating government functions from enterprise management , the two large petroleum groups have materialized the integration of upper - stream products with downstream ones and made their production , supply , and marketing a coordinate process .
non - ferrous metal industries witnessed a slash in deficits after establishing aluminum , rare earth , and copper industrial groups .
four telecommunications industrial groups are under construction .
separating government functions from enterprise management is the key theme of state enterprise reform .
last year , the central party and government organizations cut ties with the economic entities run by themselves and the enterprises under their jurisdiction ; and the army , the armed police forces , and public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs smoothly transferred the economic enterprises run by themselves to localities .
of the $number enterprises which were divorced from the central party and government organizations , most have put their settlement plans in place . meanwhile , plans for taking over and handling $number such economic enterprises are basically put in place .
some deputies and cppcc members maintained that thanks to the implementation of reform and various measures , a turn has been taken for getting state - owned enterprises out of plight in three years through reform .
the big rise in the profits of state - owned enterprises $date was the major indicator for such a change .
in the year $number , the state - owned enterprises and state holding industrial enterprises nationwide witnessed $number yuan in profits , $number percent more than the figure of $number . at the same time , such enterprises in nearly $number percent of the areas in the country 's $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities either created more profits or halted and reduced deficits in varying degrees .
such achievements laid a foundation for the final realization of the goal of getting state - owned enterprises out of plight $date .
when talking about the issue of continuously expanding the dynamics of reforming the state - owned enterprises , dong fudian , member of the cppcc national committee , said that great headway was made in the efforts to get state - owned enterprises out of plight $date and the situation in this area was gratifying .
however , state - owned enterprises should further conduct strategic realignment and reform their systems and structures .
wu jinglian , standing committee member of the cppcc national committee , set forth that system reform is the most important task ahead of state - owned enterprises .
from now on , state - owned enterprises should conscientiously implement the spirit of the $number national party congress and $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , strategically readjust their structures , and carry out the modern enterprise system in real terms .
setting up the social security system and giving housing subsidies affect the people 's feelings the setup of the social security system is an auxiliary reform , as well as a basic reform .
at present , there are $number laid - off workers from state - owned enterprises and $number retirees nationwide .
last year , basic living expenses were distributed to $number percent of the laid - off workers , and the majority of the localities ensured to pay $number percent of the old - age pensions in full and on schedule .
in $date last year , the central authorities made a decision on raising the salaries of the urbanites with low - and medium - level incomes , thus making $number people nationwide enjoy this treatment .
of this , the per capita monthly allowances for enterprise layoffs ' minimum standards of living increased by $number yuan , the per capita monthly unemployment insurance payment rose by $number yuan , the per capita monthly insurance payment for enterprise retirees increased by $number yuan , and that for retirees from the units other than enterprises increased by $number yuan .
all these resulted from our country 's ceaseless efforts to improve the social security system .
to ensure the payment of such funds , $number of all , there must be sufficient money . to collect increasingly more social security funds , at the beginning of $number , the state expanded the scale of collecting funds for old - age pensions and unemployment insurance from all enterprises in the urban areas , including civilian - run enterprises .
by the end of $number , the number of people covered by the basic old - age insurance policy increased by $number over the figure in early $number and that covered by the unemployment insurance policy rose by $number , reversing with one action the situation where old - age and unemployment insurance policy holders declined for two consecutive years .
the housing reform has constantly been a hot - debated issue affecting the people 's feelings .
last year , a breakthrough was made in this reform with the overall payment of housing subsidies as the major indicator .
there were four major indicators for speeding up the reform of the house distribution system .
$number , the central organizations stationed in beijing , which found it more difficult than any other areas nationwide in reforming the housing system , made greater headway in this reform .
in $date last year , the general offices of the cpc central committee and the state council forwarded and implemented the " plan for further intensifying the housing reform among the central and state organs stationed in beijing . "
from then on , beijing began implementing the system of giving house subsidies on the premise that the " old method is still effective for old people and the new system is carried out among the new persons . "
$number , localities throughout the country worked out plans for implementing the new housing system successively one after another . the majority of provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions also mapped out plans for implementing this system . $number of the $number large and medium - sized cities have worked out such plans .
$number , the pace of selling public houses was accelerated .
last year , $number percent of the marketable public houses in most provinces and municipalities throughout the country were sold while $number percent of such houses in $number - odd provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , such as chongqing , henan , and guangxi , were sold .
most areas across the country canceled the method of selling houses at standard prices , began selling houses at cost prices , and also set up a mechanism for readjusting cost prices for houses year by year .
$number , more efforts were made to readjust house rents .
beijing has worked out methods for readjusting house rent rates and giving house rent subsidies . after the central and state organs and beijing municipality readjust their house rent rates , the spending on house rents will account for $number percent of the household 's incomes .
ye rutang , deputy to the npc and vice minister of construction , said that the replacement of house distribution by payment of house subsidies and the opening of $number - class house markets accord with the will of the people and the general trend .
the new system will be able to greatly help check the corrosive phenomena arising in the distribution of houses , improve the people 's living conditions , and facilitate the development of the building industry , which is a pillar industry of the national economy .
the financial , taxation , and banking reform advance steadily last year , the reform work in the financial , taxation , and banking sectors advanced steadily .
the state worked out several measures for reforming the financial , taxation , and banking sectors . the people in the entire society pay great attention to it .
in $date last year , the state once again cut banking institutions ' deposit and credit interest rates ; it was $number time to cut interest rates $date .
in $date , the state began collecting income taxes on individual deposit interests with a tax rate of $number percent .
xie ping , a deputy to the npc and director of the research institute under the people 's bank of china , maintained that readjusting interest rates is conducive to encouraging consumption and investment . especially through cut of interest rates for seven times , state - owned enterprises reduced $number yuan in interest payments .
at the same time , the restoration of interest taxes may help promote consumption and readjust distribution , so that the state will find it convenient to concentrate increasingly more financial resources to increase the salaries of the people with low - and medium - level incomes and to promote social stability .
last year , the central bank canceled the regional restrictions on the operating branches of foreign - funded banks , thus expanding foreign - funded banks ' renminbi business scale .
from $date , the central bank canceled the restrictions on supplying foreign exchange only once a year for residents ' private tours to foreign countries .
therefore , the residents are able to apply for use of foreign exchange whenever they are going to leave the country .
on the threshold of the new century , we should be more deeply aware of the fact that reform is the motivation of development .
the gigantic achievements we made $date were closely related to the in - depth reform .
the year $number is the last year , as well as the decisive year to materialize the goal of halting the deficits of state - owned enterprises in three years , which was defined by the party central committee .
the npc deputies and cppcc members indicated at the interviews that so long as we resolutely implement the major policy decisions of the party central committee and the state council , and only when the people from higher levels downward work with one heart , are keen on reform , and keep forging ahead , then we will certainly be able to smoothly realize this goal .
editor 's note : as a member of the chinese delegation , liu yuzhu , deputy director of the market department of the ministry of culture , has on many occasions participated in the negotiations on china 's accession to the wto .
now we specially invite him [ as published , presumably her ] to express his ( ? ) personal views on the challenges and opportunities that china 's cultural industry will be faced with after the wto entry and offer them to the readers .
( end editor 's note ) china is a big country having a cultural origin for $number years . under the conditions that the market economic structure was established not long ago , the cultural industry has not taken shape , and the cultural market mechanism has not been perfected , the challenges from opening up china 's cultural markets to the outside world are self - evident , and the opportunities objectively exist too . the crux of the issue is how the government and enterprises will meet with the challenges and seize hold of the rare historical opportunities .
the challenges are self - evident the challenge to the management modes and methods of the government . without doubt , the relaxation of market access will draw in a large amount of foreign capital and private funds , and the scope involved will be even wider and larger .
if the government manages and guides them properly , they will bring considerable benefits to the vast number of cultural consumers , to the investors engaged in cultural production and operation activities , and to the country 's economic construction .
otherwise , they will also bring great chaos to the cultural markets .
the social system and ideology of the united states and other western countries are different from ours , and there is a great disparity in the cultural understanding and management between them and ourselves .
the management means and methods adopted by the chinese government differ a great deal from those of the western countries , which also clash with the wto 's rules .
now if we revise and abandon the original effective management means that we have been familiar with and learn the new rules with which we are unfamiliar , it will lead to the conflicts in understanding and the problem that the actual results of management do not come up to people 's expectations .
the negative impacts on china 's fine national culture .
there will be a rising trend and demand for foreign cultural programs in domestic markets not only in quantity but also in quality , as more cultural consumers will have a weakness for them .
these cultural programs that gain access to china , on one hand , suit people 's consumption requirements for diversified culture , but on the other hand have a potential impact on the traditional national culture , which will bring new challenges to the protection and development of our national culture .
the pressure on the existence of china 's cultural production units .
the western developed countries have the advantages in terms of experience , technology , and funds in their cultural industries , and also an intimate knowledge of market rules and operational modes .
given our advantages of possessing cultural resources and being the host country , it is rather difficult for our cultural production units to change the inferior position to superior position , and continue to grow and expand to be still more superior in the short term .
the opportunities exist objectively the benefits of helping people to once again realize the nature , functions , and effect of the cultural industry and cultural markets , and promoting the change of their concepts and the emancipation of their minds .
judging from the functions of the cultural markets , they are both commodity markets and service markets , because they have tangible products and intangible service as objects of transactions .
in ordinary markets , they have the functions of contact , regulation , allocation of resources , transmission of information , and distribution of income . besides , they have the functions of providing entertainment , education , and guidance , and in this respect greater concern and more utilization by the government are necessary .
the acceleration of the process of cultural institutional building . in china , the management of cultural undertakings mainly depends on policy appeals and administrative measures , and lacks legal means to guide and protect the smooth progress of cultural building and cultural activities .
in recent years , we have deepened our understanding of administering culture in accordance with law to some extent . however , owing to such factors as the impeded management structure , the wide involvement of culture and art , the great complexity in legislation , and the lack of special personnel , the process of cultural institutional building is impaired .
now that we have reached a consensus on administering culture in accordance with law , the macro environment for legislation and law enforcement has been greatly improved . moreover , in order to meet the requirements of the wto rules , the cultural institutional building will move forward considerably .
the contributions to readjusting the cultural industrial policies .
for the development of the cultural industry , it is necessary to set our long - range objectives of establishing a relatively perfect cultural industrial development mechanism suited to the requirements of the socialist market economic structure , instituting a national unified cultural market system , shaping into a situation in which the public - owned economy is the foundation with the common development of multiple economic sectors , enabling the market mechanism to play the basic role in the allocation of the cultural resources and the regulation of cultural economic activities , making the cultural industrial policy structure tend to perfection , narrowing the gap in regional development , and bringing about the development of the cultural industrial sectors with certain competitive power in the international markets .
we should speed up the study and formulation of the cultural industrial policies , relax the cultural market access policy , readjust the industrial structure , optimize the allocation of cultural resources , positively guide the injection of private funds , encourage the foreign capital to enter the cultural industry and , through the rationalization of the industry 's enterprise structure , achieve the effective competition within the industry and the unity between the scale economy and the effectiveness of competition .
on $date , the state council taiwan affairs office and information office of the chinese government published the white paper , " the one - china principle and the question of taiwan , " indicating that the chinese government and people would never tolerate , be indulgent toward , or sit watching any attempt to break up china .
the chinese government , the white paper pointed out , will continue to do its utmost to seek peaceful unification .
however , if there is any major incident of making taiwan break away from china in any name , if there occurs foreign occupation of taiwan , or if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to peacefully resolve the issue of unification of the two sides of the strait through negotiation , the chinese government will be forced to take all possible decisive measures , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and to complete the great cause of unification of china .
it is entirely in the fundamental interest of the people of taiwan and the fundamental interest of the chinese nation for the government and people of china to refuse to commit themselves to renouncing the use of force ; only by achieving the complete unification of china will it be possible to safeguard the motherland 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and for the chinese nation to become even more thriving , developed , prosperous , rich , and powerful .
only by refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan will it be possible to ensure taiwan 's lasting security historically , since ancient times taiwan has been an inalienable part of china , and taiwan has never changed its character of being part of china .
in terms of its geographical location , taiwan is next to the pacific ocean in the east , faces the mainland of the motherland across the taiwan strait in the west , and borders on the bashi channel in the south , being called the " fence for seven provinces " since ancient times .
the possession of taiwan , a strategically important maritime location , is critical to china 's national security .
in history , taiwan was occupied by spain , holland , and japan , respectively , and was later also used by the united states as an " unsinkable aircraft carrier . "
as irrefutable facts have told us , lagging behind entails suffering beatings , and division entails being bullied .
every time there was a breakup of china 's territory in a context of incessant warfare , china would be invaded by foreign forces ; meanwhile , several episodes of thriving development in the history of the chinese nation have all been achieved under the precondition of national unification .
it has been painful to see that after the beginning $date , li denghui [ li teng - hui ] gradually moved away from the principle of one china , successively advocated the notions of " two governments , " " two equal government entities , " and " taiwan 's being a sovereign and independent state , " and finally put forward the " two - state doctrine " openly .
li denghui and the taiwan authorities have used the mainland as its " imaginary enemy " for a long time , operated on a wartime footing on a long - term basis , continually enhanced the construction of taiwan 's military , worked continually to expand taiwan 's armed forces and to prepare for war , and followed a militaristic approach in a big way , attempting to build taiwan into an impregnable maritime bastion so as to militarily resist unification .
under the pretext of the so - called " china threat theory , " some foreign forces have also seized opportunities to intervene in the taiwan question , an act of interference in china 's internal affairs , through diverse means such as , in the military sphere , continuing arms sales to taiwan and building " theater missile defense , " in an attempt to secure their strategic interests in the asia - pacific region through the continued playing of the " taiwan card , " thereby presenting a threat to our national security .
a failure for taiwan to return to the embrace of the motherland will provide an exploitable opportunity for foreign intervention , a situation which will seriously threaten taiwan 's security and harm the interest of all the people of china , including taiwan compatriots .
as far as taiwan is concerned , taiwan will put itself in extremely grave danger by either maintaining the status quo and or going further on the road of breaking up the motherland . for , as has been proven by history , without support from the mainland of the motherland taiwan will be faced with the danger of being grabbed by foreign forces .
this is one of the fundamental reasons why the government of the motherland has refused to commit itself to renouncing the use of force , while persisting in using the principles of " peaceful unification and one country , two systems " for resolving the question of taiwan .
only by returning to the embrace of the motherland at an early date will taiwan be able to have the most reliable guarantee for its security .
providing a powerful guarantee for the peaceful completion of peaceful unification in the end the chinese government has refused to commit itself to renouncing the use of force for resolving the question of taiwan in order to do a better job of ensuring the peaceful achievement of unification of the motherland .
by committing itself to renouncing the use of force , the chinese government will no longer be able to suppress and deter attempts by " taiwan independent " forces and foreign anti - china forces to break up china .
in fact , today , while making loud noises , " taiwan independence " forces on the island of taiwan still dare not move recklessly in disregard of universal condemnation because , most importantly , the government of the motherland follows a stance and approach of resolutely opposing " taiwan independence , " thereby forcing " taiwan independence " forces to think twice and to refrain from going further on the road of separatism .
if the government of the motherland commits itself to renouncing the use of force , " taiwan independence " forces will brazenly collude with foreign intervention forces in an effort to break up china . on the other hand , the taiwan authorities are doing everything possible to militarily confront and resist the mainland .
taiwan 's military is the taiwan authorities ' important pillar and tool for maintaining the rule of the taiwan authorities .
to achieve their evil goal of " taiwan independence , " the taiwan authorities have adopted various measures to enhance the construction of taiwan 's military .
particularly , in recent years , the taiwan authorities have even more diligently pursued the construction of taiwan 's military , working vigorously to expand their armed forces and to prepare for war and acting militaristically in a big way , in an attempt to militarily resist unification .
$date , especially after $date when li denghui put forward his " two - state doctrine , " taiwan 's military carried out a great deal of military activities in regard to adjusting strategic deployment , changing high - ranking personnel , reforming organizational structures , increasing military appropriations , changing armaments , and formulating war - preparation measures .
the purpose of these military activities carried out by the taiwan authorities has been to militarily resist the mainland , peace , and unification .
in view of this situation , we must enhance the construction of the armed forces and make all necessary preparations for using force to resolve the question of taiwan at any time . if there occurs a major incident of making taiwan break away from china , if there is foreign occupation of taiwan , or if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to peacefully resolve the issue of unification of the two sides of the strait through negotiation , the chinese government will be forced to use force to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and to complete the great cause of unification of china .
as general secretary jiang zemin pointed out : " the communist party of china and the chinese government are determined to use all means to safeguard the motherland 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
any attempt by foreign or domestic forces to break up china will be doomed to failure . "
returning entails a good outcome , while breaking away entails a bad outcome ; the right choice is self - evident .
hopefully , li denghui and the taiwan authorities will think through the matter , and do not become criminals condemned by the history of the chinese nation .
the fundamental reason has been that " taiwan independence " is contrary to the wishes and fundamental interest of the people of taiwan and enjoys no popular support .
li has become the chief representative of taiwan 's splittist forces , a disrupter of the state of security in the taiwan strait , a stumbling block obstructing the development of china - us relations , and a troublemaker in regard to peace and stability of the asia - pacific region .
conceptually , li denghui has fabricated various absurd notions in pursuit of " taiwan independence , " such as the notion of " two governments , " the notion of " the present period 's being one of the ' republic of china on taiwan ' and the ' people 's republic of china on the mainland , ' " and the " two - state doctrine . "
in terms of action , li has been indulgent toward and supported splittist forces advocating " taiwan independence " and their activities , resulting in the rapid development of " taiwan independence " forces and the spread of the ideological current of " taiwan independence . "
under the direction of li denghui , the taiwan authorities have adopted a series of actual splittist steps .
for instance , the so - called " constitutional reform " is aimed at transforming taiwan into an " independent political entity . "
in the diplomatic sphere , the taiwan authorities have been carrying out so - called " pragmatic diplomacy " and " money diplomacy " in a big way , in an attempt to broaden taiwan 's so - called " international space for survival " and to create a situation of " two chinas . "
militarily , the taiwan authorities have been profusely wasting blood - and - sweat money of the people of taiwan by spending huge sums of money on buying expensive armaments from foreign countries and has been seeking to join a theater missile defense system in an attempt to establish some kind of military alliance with the united states and japan in a disguised manner .
by continuing to follow this self - deceptive approach designed to deceive others , li denghui and the taiwan authorities will only end up walking in circles inside the " blind alley , " getting blooded by bumping into walls , and destroying themselves .
it is necessary to adhere to the principles of " peaceful unification and one country , two systems , " while refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force , so that the taiwan authorities will be subject to deterring effects and have to think twice , while feeling that there is a way out .
only by renouncing the idea of " taiwan independence " so as to get out of the " blind alley " and achieving the unification of the motherland , will the taiwan authorities be able to embark on a successful road , to win popular support , and to conform to the wishes of the people .
the pursuit of " taiwan independence " is certain to lead to war and to bring disasters to taiwan compatriots . people on neither side of the strait want to see the occurrence of such a situation , and the government of the motherland will be very unwilling to act in the above - mentioned way . such a situation will be entirely a creation of " taiwan independence " forces .
for the sake of the maintenance of china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , the great cause of unification of the motherland , and lasting peace , security , prosperity , and power of people on both sides of the strait , the government of the motherland never commits itself to renouncing the use of force for resolving the question of taiwan .
only by achieving the unification of the motherland will it be possible to maintain taiwan 's social stability and economic prosperity and development over the past years , an important bargaining chip trumpeted by the taiwan authorities to the outside world has been taiwan 's so - called " economic success . " in this regard , is the current state of taiwan 's economy truly as successful as they have bragged ?
the answer should be negative . after $date , taiwan 's economy has developed rather rapidly . nevertheless , taiwan 's economy is a typical externally oriented island economy , with inherent weaknesses .
on the one hand , taiwan is poor in natural resources , and relies mainly on exports for raw materials . on the other hand , its domestic demand market is very small , and its products are highly dependent on overseas markets and technology .
any deterioration of the political and economic environment will bring disastrous consequences to taiwan 's economy .
the announcement of li denghui 's " two - state doctrine " has created a taiwan strait crisis and resulted in popular uneasiness in taiwan , drastic declines in stock prices , and large capital outflows , thereby directly affecting taiwan 's normal economic order and social stability .
this has been the best evidence in this regard .
since $date , economic and trade exchanges between taiwan and the mainland of the motherland have been growing rapidly .
$date the mainland of the motherland had become taiwan 's $number largest trading partner .
it is proper to say that the abundant resources and huge markets of the mainland of the motherland have provided important conditions for the development of taiwan 's economy .
only by being based on ties to the mainland of the motherland as in the cases of hong kong and macao will it be possible for taiwan to provide favorable guarantees for its economic development .
the unification of the motherland is in the fundamental interest of taiwan compatriots , and the refusal of the government and people of china to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan is an important condition and guarantee for successfully realizing this fundamental interest of taiwan compatriots .
this is in the fundamental interest of the people on both sides of the strait , including taiwan compatriots .
therefore , the government and people of china firmly upholds the policy of refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan , in an effort to seek an early return of taiwan to the embrace of the motherland .
beijing , $date - - faced with a large - scale influx of foreign capital into china 's cable tv network , a relevant person of the state administration of radio , movie , and television , stated : " all shall be temporarily suspended pending the introduction of policies . "
as for the existing relations of cooperation , the relations of interests shall be considered . he disclosed : the relevant ministries and commissions of the state council are still discussing the policies concerned and have yet to decide on when to introduce the specific policies .
he said : since foreign capital shall be barred from news channels and the issue of jointly producing programs with foreign investors for certain professional channels has been placed on the agenda for discussion , all shall be temporarily suspended pending the introduction of policies and the local departments concerned shall be banned from holding discussions with foreign investors or conjecturing the central policies .
as a matter of fact , the general office of the state council last $date transmitted " opinions on enhancing management of cable radio and tv network building , " which had been submitted by the relevant departments ; called for rapidly separating the government functions from the enterprise functions in building or managing the broadcasting and television transmission networks ; and stipulated among other things : before the regulations concerned are promulgated , the broadcasting and television network transmission companies shall be temporarily suspended from becoming listed ones and the broadcasting and television operation or management units shall be banned from becoming listed companies .
however , some listed companies in hong kong still continued their business talks on investing in the hinterland cable network business at that time , believing that the policy had little to do with them .
the " opinions " standardized the building of cable tv networks and stipulated : in principle , the principal transmission networks , which the departments in charge of radio , movie , and television affairs have not yet decided to build , shall not be built .
as for the distribution networks , the departments in charge of radio , movie , and television affairs shall build relatively comprehensive networks for special uses , namely , no two - way innovation projects for cable tv networks shall be built for the time being for the purpose of providing telecommunication services .
wu jichuan , state minister of information industry , the other day disclosed to zhongguo xinwen she that several decrees are still being formulated , including " regulations for managing foreign investment in telecommunication service trade " and " regulations for managing computer networks and information security . "
by the end of $number , china had built cable tv transmission networks stretching for nearly $number km , boasting nearly $number clients , and ranking $number in the world , with some $number provinces and cities connecting themselves to a national cable tv network .
the white paper , " the principle of one china and the taiwan question , " issued by the state council 's taiwan affairs office and press office a few days ago is an important policy document guiding current taiwan work . moreover , it also serves as a verdict , declaring that " taiwan independence " has led to a blind alley and that li teng - hui , chen shui - bian , and their followers are on their last legs , like a grasshopper at the end of autumn .
the white paper also is a mobilization order , calling on all the chinese people to launch a new round of struggle against separation and " taiwan independence , " and push forward the process of reunification of the motherland .
the white paper is a sharp weapon of the chinese people against " taiwan independence " and foreign interference in china 's internal affairs .
the issuance of the white paper has evoked strong repercussions in the taiwan community and shocked taiwan 's political circles .
public opinion on the island says that the white paper issued in $date theoretically and historically explained that the " one china " principle conformed to reality .
instead of repeating the theoretical and historic sources of " one china , " the current white paper declares the bottom line of the interactive cross - strait relations and the mainland 's determination to reunify china .
if the previous white paper , which focused on " you listen to what i say , " explains the question " why the two sides of the taiwan straits should seek reunification , " the new white paper , which focuses on " you do what i say , " puts the emphasis on " no compromise on the question of china 's reunification . "
the white paper imposes a restriction , urging taiwan to hold a dialogue and talks with the mainland within the framework of one china , and releases a strong message , " there will be no peace without the one china principle across the strait . "
the white paper increases the " two conditions " for resorting to force to " three conditions , " and changes " independence declared by taiwan " to " a grave turn of events occurs leading to the separation of taiwan from china in any name , " which include a referendum , " drafting of constitution , " or including the two - state theory in the " constitution . "
it is aimed at the tricks and means played by li teng - hui and other " taiwan independence " forces that attempt to bypass the forms of " declaring taiwan independence " to attain their objective of realizing " taiwan independence " in reality .
$number point originally was written as " interference by foreign forces . "
now it has been changed to " if taiwan is invaded and occupied by foreign countries , " which is more clear and specific , and easy to judge .
the mainland has the absolute right to explain the " three conditions " which totally block the road leading to " taiwan independence . "
in order to evade the white paper , the chen shui - bian camp attempted to lessen the attack of the white paper against chen , saying that the contents of the white paper do not target chen alone .
this is indeed a clumsy denial that has resulted in self - exposure .
at the forum to mark $number anniversary of jiang zemin 's $number - point proposal , vice premier qian qichen warned that " taiwan independence " was tantamount to war across the taiwan straits .
taiwan 's splittist forces should not play with fire that may burn them .
the white paper that expresses china 's determination against separation and to realize reunification clearly targets li teng - hui and chen shui - bian .
as a result , chen shui - bian 's attempt to use a cunning maneuver to slip out will be a futile effort .
" taiwan independence " always has been the " box - office poison " of the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] and chen shui - bian .
in order to gain votes by swindling and lightening the color of " taiwan independence , " chen shui - bian proposed a so - called " new middle line " during the election campaign . his purpose is to " stay clear of the main points and strike at the minor ones , " and change the dpp 's pursuit of establishing the " republic of taiwan " to " establishing the republic of taiwan in the name of the republic of china . "
as a fox cannot hide its tail , chen shui - bian cannot hide his " taiwan independence " stance . the dpp maintains that " taiwan 's future should be determined by the taiwan people " and " taiwan and the prc are two chinese nations , which should develop a special relationship in the world , " chen flagrantly asserted . apparently , this is a reproduction of li teng - hui 's " two - state theory . "
chen shui - bian also promised his voters : we will uphold taiwan 's " sovereign independence , " not allow china to " annex " taiwan , and safeguard peace across the taiwan straits ; and there will be no more wars in taiwan . this again is deceptive talk .
li teng - hui 's " two - state theory " has already led the two sides across the strait to the edge of war .
if chen shui - bian refuses to forsake his " taiwan independence " stance , the so - called " peace across the taiwan straits , " " battle of words but no war , open up to each other but no war , and competition but no struggle , " and all other empty promises and explanations can only be deceptive talk .
chen shui - bian 's fine words are nothing but tricks to win votes by swindling and to win political power so that he can realize his dream of " taiwan independence . " it is but a strategic application of his means at this special stage .
if chen shui - bian 's dream of " taiwan independence " is realized , he will throw taiwan into catastrophe .
taiwan is faced with a major choice : moving towards separation and war or towards reunification and peace .
taiwan compatriots , who have a glorious tradition of patriotism , are against separation and " taiwan independence . "
for the sake of the fundamental interests of the compatriots across the strait and on the question of right and wrong related to taiwan 's future , it is believed that taiwan compatriots will make a correct choice conducive to reunification of the motherland .
beijing , $date ( ta kung pao ) - - the negotiations between china and the european union (eu) on china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) have ended this afternoon .
a statement issued by the eu says that progress has been made at the talks and that both parties have narrowed their differences , but they have not been able to reach an agreement .
news has it that the eu called on china to open wider its telecommunications , insurance , and banking industries , and demanded that foreign capital be granted a controlling stake , namely , a $number percent stake , in telecommunications enterprises , and that more european insurance companies and banking institutions be issued business licenses .
these prices are higher than the sino - us wto agreement . if china agreed to these prices , it inevitably would have an impact on the wto agreement already reached between china and the united states . for this reason , they are unacceptable to the chinese side .
in the view of experts here , the $number - member eu has outstripped the united states in terms of gross domestic product and commercial capability .
due to its economic strength , plus the fact that china and the united states have reached an agreement , there is no doubt that the eu will play a decisive role in china 's wto accession .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - from now on , no one working in a state organ has the right to illegally detain any deputy to a people 's congress , and anyone who illegally detains a deputy to a people 's congress will be severely punished .
recently , the supreme people 's procuratorate issued an emergency notice urging procuratorial organs at all levels to make greater efforts to solemnly investigate and mete out punishment in handling criminal cases of illegal detention of deputies to people 's congresses .
for some time , cases of illegal detention of deputies to people 's congresses have constantly occurred and some of them are serious and have made a very bad impression .
recently , procuratorial organs at various levels across the country have investigated and handled according to law a number of criminal cases in which people working in state organs illegally detained deputies to people 's congresses . this has effectively protected the personal freedom and democratic rights of deputies to people 's congresses , and ensured deputies to people 's congresses are able to perform their duties according to law .
the " notice " points out that the supreme people 's procuratorate will resolutely investigate and deal with criminal cases of illegal detention , arrest or serious restriction of the personal freedom of deputies to people 's congresses . in particular , it will carry out to the end investigation of cases in which many deputies to people 's congresses have been illegally detained over a long time , and serious cases that have led to serious consequences and made a very bad impression on society , and will never tolerate such crimes . it will also resolutely investigate and affix responsibility of those who have shelved such cases or do not make reports on such cases , trying to cover them up .
the " notice " says that in the process of investigating and handling criminal cases of illegal detention of deputies to people 's congresses , if deputies to people 's congresses are found being illegally detained , they should $number be released according to law before other matters are dealt with . procuratorial organs must seriously handle in good time any complaint to them made by deputies to people 's congresses . procuratorial organs must adopt security measures to protect the personal safety of deputies to people 's congresses who have been illegally detained . reports on how such cases are being investigated and handled should be sent to respective standing committees of people 's congresses in good time , and their opinions should be solicited .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - premier zhu rongji met with newly appointed vietnamese foreign minister nguyen dy nien at zhongnanhai this morning .
nguyen dy nien has come to visit china on invitation . zhu rongji said comrade nguyen dy nien 's visit to china shortly after he took up his office shows the vietnamese party and government have attached great importance to the development of sino - vietnamese relations and china would like to express its appreciation for this .
zhu rongji positively assessed the momentum of development in bilateral relations in recent years .
he said china and vietnam have frequently exchanged high - level visits , their economic cooperation continues to develop , problems left over from the past have gradually been solved , especially , the sino - vietnamese " land boundary treaty " was officially signed by both sides at the end of last year , and the relations between the two countries are steadily developing in the direction set by general secretary jiang zemin and general secretary le kha phieu .
zhu rongji said he believes that as long as both sides make efforts and adhere to the principle of mutual understanding and mutual accommodation , the task of delimiting a boundary line in the beibu wan assigned by the two general secretaries will certainly be fulfilled within this year .
zhu rongji also expressed his views on trade and economic cooperation between the two countries , and emphasized that china will continue to energetically make efforts to promote mutual - beneficial cooperation between the two sides .
nguyen dy nien thanked zhu rongji for the meeting . he held that at present , the relations between the two countries are constantly developing in breadth and in intensity , and emphasized that the vietnamese party , government and himself will go all out to promote good - neighborliness and friendship , as well as comprehensive cooperation between the two countries .
premier zhu rongji asked nguyen dy nien to convey his cordial regards to general secretary le kha phieu , president tran duc luong , and prime minister phan van khai .
members of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , china 's legislative organ , made breakthroughs in overcoming difficulties in legislative work , paid attention to quality in work , continued to strengthen supervision , attached importance to practical results of supervision , and scored significant new achievements during $number year of their tenure of office .
over the past year , the npc standing committee examined and deliberated $number draft laws and adopted $number of them , fulfilling in the main the annual plan for legislation .
the npc standing committee formulated the law on single - investor enterprise and further improved the legal system for the market together with the existing company law and partnership enterprise law . it formulated the administrative reconsideration law in addition to the earlier formulated administrative litigation law , state restitution law , and administrative supervision law , and basically established a mechanism for supervising and conditioning the state administrative power . besides , it made a decision on banning heretical organizations and preventing and punishing heretical cult activities .
to meet the need of the continuous development of reform , opening up and modernization drive , the npc standing committee timely made revisions on related laws , such as the income tax law , the highway law , the criminal law and the company law .
as a result , those laws have become more suitable to objective reality and can play more active roles in regulating social and economic activities .
in the past year , the npc standing committee adopted a decision on strengthening examination and supervision of the central budget and examined and approved legal documents on supervision over judgment , procuratorial work , and economic work . as a result , supervision work can be done according to the law . meanwhile , it has gained experience and created conditions for formulating comprehensive supervision laws .
in addition , the npc standing committee paid attention to the state 's central tasks and issues widely concerned by the people and examined the implementation of laws , including the law on the protection and control of atmospheric pollution , the forestry law , the product quality law and the compulsory education law . it heard and examined reports by the state council on living conditions of laid - off workers of state - owned enterprises , the work of reducing peasants ' burdens , and the building of contingents of public security personnel . it made efforts to understand and discuss problems of immediate concern to the masses in order to promote the improvement of related work .
the chairman of the standing committee personally made trips to various places of the country and solicited opinions from various circles . vice chairmen of the standing committee and members of various special committees and operating units of the standing committee made extensive investigation and study and expounded issues on all sides through various channels . accordingly , all draft laws were embodied with wisdom and thinking of experts , scholars , people with knowledge and the masses .
last year , attention was also paid to ensuring the impartiality of various departments and the work of drafting laws by special committees was further improved .
people of various circles have expressed their opinion that the members of the npc standing committee have attached greater importance to supervision and practical results and have gone down to the grassroots level without pomp .
the standing committees of people 's congresses at various local levels also gave full play to their supervisory roles , had the courage of exploring truth , and gained numerous experiences in supervising individual cases and evaluating and redressing erroneous cases .
as a main force in advancing the historical course of ruling the country according to the law , the roles of $number deputies to people 's congresses at various levels are receiving good attention from the masses . last year , the npc standing committee and standing committees of people 's congresses at various levels all adopted practical and effective measures to whip up the enthusiasm of all deputies to discuss and take part in state affairs and give full play to their initiative and creativeness so as to better develop the role of organs of state power .
many indications show that during the " two sessions " to be held in the new millenium for $number time , deputies to the national people 's congress and representatives to the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference will discuss the following hot topics : how to strengthen ideological education among young people , how to insist on scientific spirit and combat superstition , how to strengthen the work of maintaining a clean and honest government and waging a struggle against corruption , and how to foster a correct concept of values and life .
we have noticed that beijing - based newspapers conspicuously carried the following stories : a high school student in zhejiang province killed his mother because he could not bear the pressure brought on him by his poor school records and his parents . two middle school students hacked a classmate to death after trying to extort money from him without success . the stories mentioned above reflect a current situation where serious problems exist in some schools , families , and society .
on $date , renmin ribao carried a commentator 's article entitled " all members of society should concern themselves with and give support to education undertakings . " the article discussed the situation from the strategic high plane of national destiny and reinvigoration . it said that correctly guiding young students and helping them grow up healthy and sound and enabling them to develop in an all - round way - - morally , intellectually , physically , and aesthetically - - is a major issue that has a bearing on the direction of china 's education development .
the incident , which occurred on $date last year when " falungong " practitioners illegally gathered around the zhongnanhai , is something that merits special attention .
it is very clear now that li hongzhi and " falun dafa " [ the great law of the law wheel ] are anti - science , anti - mankind , anti - society , and anti - government in nature . but since they are highly confusing and deceitful , so far there are still people who obstinately stick to the wrong course . we cannot overlook the great impact the incident has had on china 's society .
the phenomenon reflects , to some extent , the deep - seated contraction in the course of reform . it reveals people 's feeling of perplexity and exposes a crisis of belief in china 's society .
therefore , it still is an urgent task to strengthen education on the scientific spirit .
a book entitled " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " was published recently . the contents of the book have fully embodied , in a systematic manner , expositions of the leading leaderships of the three generations on ideological and political work .
general secretary jiang zemin of the cpc central committee once said : " strengthening and improving the party 's ideological and political work under the new situation represents a great event for the whole party . the task is also the center of priorities in propaganda and ideological work . " the publication of the book will play a positive role in pushing forward the guiding spirit of his remark .
at present , china is in a critical period of its reform drive and economic development .
china has met with many problems and contradictions , which need to be resolved gradually and in a systematic way .
among these problems and contradictions , the most outstanding one is this : the condition of spiritual civilization in our society still cannot meet the need of the drive of reform and opening up as well as the construction of the market economy .
being unable to stand the tests under the new situation , a small number of people have wavered in their ideals , faith , and sense of values .
quite a few corruption cases exposed in recent years show that the rank of those cadres involved in the cases is getting higher , that the amount of values involved is larger , and that the number of collective corruption cases is greater .
objectively speaking , the corruption phenomenon can indeed occur during the transformation period . subjectively speaking , the impact on as well as the change of ideals , faith , and sense of values represents a root of thinking and understanding among cadres about the corruption phenomenon .
in a sense , strengthening the construction of spiritual civilization will greatly help us provide better service to the general cause of reform , development , and stability . it will help us make great efforts to push forward the drive of reform , opening up , and modernization .
this is the reason deputies and representatives to the current " two sessions " show their special concern about the construction of spiritual civilization .
taiyuan , $date ( xinhua ) - - party organizations and relevant departments at all levels in shanxi province adopted effective measures to actively carry out work to educate and transform the minds of falungong practitioners . the province developed a network for helping and educating falungong practitioners , which has produced good results .
shanxi province originally had $number falungong practitioners . after a period of education and transformation launched last $date when falungong was publicly exposed and repudiated as an illegal organization , the overwhelming majority of falungong practitioners acquired a clear understanding of the harms of falungong and basically changed their thinking and viewpoints . however , a small number of practitioners had failed to turn around .
to educate and rescue relatively stubborn falungong practitioners , party and government organizations at all levels in shanxi province attached great importance to the work of helping and educating falungong practitioners . they earnestly took charge of the work and mobilized all sectors to actively create conditions for resolving the difficulties encountered by falungong practitioners in their daily life and work .
cao yaqin , a falungong practitioner , changed his mind many times but ended up refusing to come to his senses on the question of falungong .
to help him transform his thinking , leading members of the provincial people 's congress , including its chairman , secretary general , director of the general office , and secretary of the party committee of the organ , repeatedly worked on him . they patiently educated and guided him and encouraged his old mother and his wife to persuade him to recognize his errors and return to the correct path .
zhang xiaozhen , former head of the economic police unit of the public security department of the jinxi machinery plant , had been a falungong practitioner . to educate and help him , the plant party committee arranged to have him work on night shifts .
zhang , who had stayed home after being dismissed from his work and encountered economic difficulties , was deeply moved . he pledged of his own accord to completely break away from falungong and return to the correct position on the side of the party and the people .
many prefectures , counties , and units in shanxi province have instituted a system of responsibility at every level for educating and transforming falungong practitioners .
grass - roots organizations in fenxi county instituted a system of responsibility for converting falungong practitioners . the county set up a network for helping and educating falungong practitioners . lin yuping , secretary of the zuoquan county party committee , contracted to help and convert several falungong practitioners .
du litao , a student of the $number class of the computer science and engineering department at the taiyuan heavy machinery college , began to practice falungong $date out of curiosity .
since last $date , leading members of the college party committee have personally organized the department 's cadres , teachers , and students to chat with him for $number times . they also contacted his parents to allow him to return to his home in shandong to avoid having any further contact with other falungong practitioners .
thanks to the ideological education by his family and schoolmates , he gradually came to realize the political goals and serious harms of falungong .
after his return to the college , the college party committee continued to educate and help him , insisting on chatting with him once every week .
in his dairy , du litao wrote : " after recognizing the political goals and serious harms of falungong as an illegal organization , i must break away from it ideologically and organizationally . i will not take part in any falungong activities . i will do away with superstition , thoroughly rectify my errors , and acquire science and professional knowledge in a down - to - earth manner in order to contribute to the motherland 's socialist modernization , serve the people wholeheartedly , and become a qualified builder and successor to the socialist cause . "
li lanqing , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , emphatically pointed out in shaanxi that it is of momentous significance to doing a good job of the " three stresses " education at the county level .
the leading groups and cadres at the county level must deepen their understanding , seek unity of thinking , resolutely carry out the arrangements of the central authorities and the guidelines of comrade jiang zemin 's important speech and , in an attitude of being highly responsible for the party and the people , conduct the " three stresses " education in a conscientious manner so as to perform the work effectively .
according to the unified arrangements of the central authorities , li lanqing went to jingyang county in shaanxi province $date , accompanied by li jianguo , secretary of shaanxi provincial cpc committee , and cheng andong , governor , where he made investigation and study on the condition of the " three stresses " education conducted among the leading groups and cadres at the county level .
he listened to the report of the jingyang county party committee on the situation of the party building and the preparations for the " three stresses " education , held a discussion participated in by the county 's leading cadres and personalities from various quarters , went deep into the rural areas to listen to the opinion of the village cadres and peasants , and attended a meeting on the " three stresses " education among the leading cadres of jingyang county , at which he made a mobilization speech .
he stressed that as jingyang was once the site of the red army 's headquarters , we should carry forward the fine tradition and style of the old revolutionary base areas and do a good job of the " three stresses " education in the spirit of yanan rectification movement .
he said that doing a good job of the " three stresses " education also has a special meaning to shaanxi and the western region as we can make proper ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the large - scale development of the western region through the " three stresses " education .
the leading groups and cadres at the country level should mobilize and organize , in a new mental attitude , the broad masses to make contributions to rebuilding west china into a region with picturesque mountains and rivers through self - reliance and hard struggle .
from $number , li lanqing inspected the science and technology and education work in shaanxi , and went down to some universities , middle and elementary schools , and the yangling agricultural hi - tech industry demonstration zone to make investigation and study , hold discussions , and solicit the opinion and suggestions of the scientific personnel and teaching staff on the implementation of the party 's educational policy , the in - depth educational reform , and the promotion of education on quality .
li lanqing said emphatically that general secretary jiang zemin takes education very seriously , so we must conscientiously study and put into practice his important instructions on intensifying and improving the education work and correctly guiding and helping young students in their healthy growth and their all - round development in morality , intelligence , physique , and aesthetics .
he pointed out that the ideological and political education , character education , discipline education , and law education must be placed in an important position in schools and included in the teaching programs . in arranging compulsory courses , the above education should be conducted in lively and vivid forms and through social practice according to different age groups .
it is necessary to guide the schools and teachers in carrying out the education on quality through their teaching materials , teaching programs , teaching methods , teaching means , appraisal by examination , and other contents and methods .
the university students , no matter what subjects they are studying , should study dialectical materialism and historical materialism , and foster a correct world outlook , outlook on life , and outlook on value .
the surroundings of schools must be seriously renovated . the schools and pertinent departments must take a clear - cut stand to oppose the unhealthy trends and evil practices among the students so that schools will become places filled with the atmosphere of devoted study to make progress under good discipline .
they must seriously set right the situation in some places where the students ' burdens of lessons are too heavy and their psychological pressures are too large to be tolerated .
however , it does not on any account mean that they need not study industriously . at any time we should teach the adolescents to make progress through diligence , but of course we must have correct contents and methods .
li lanqing said : education is a systems engineering , and the education at school , at home , and in society are the three major pillars of education , which call for all social sectors to create a good environment for the healthy growth of the adolescents with concerted efforts .
leading cadres of the party and government at all levels must take education very seriously and strengthen their leadership conscientiously . they should often go to the schools to call on the teachers and students and help resolve their problems .
li lanqing also made important suggestions on how to accelerate the existing educational structural reform and adjustment , enhance the quality of the teachers , achieve a diversified educational structure at multiple levels , and intensify the building of a contingent of teachers .
he spoke highly of the remarkable achievements scored by shaanxi province in recent years through the exploitation of its own advantages in such fields as the reform of tertiary educational management structure , the improvement in the teachers ' living conditions , the promotion of socialized logistic service in schools , and the acceleration of the transformation and industrialization of scientific and technological achievements . he hopes that shaanxi will display its advantages as a major province in education and science and technology to make still greater contributions to the large - scale development in west china .
during his inspection , li lanqing also conducted investigation and study on the work of elderly people , among other things .
comrades in charge of pertinent sections including xu rongkai , zhang zhixin , and zhang baoqing also accompanied li lanqing in his inspection .
at today 's presentation and distribution ceremony of a full - length pictorial entitled " path to strengthen the army through science and technology , " cao gangchuan , member of the central military commission and director of the pla general weaponry department , stressed that the scientific and technological front for national defense and weaponry development should persistently carry out the strategy of strengthening the army through science and technology , further carry forward and develop the great spirit of " two bombs and one satellite , " continue to go all out to make the country strong , and strive to make new and greater contribution to the modernization building of both the national defense and the army .
cao gangchuan noted : under the correct leadership of the party central committee , the state council , and the central military commission , china 's scientific and technological undertaking for national defense has realized a historic leap of growing out of nothing and expanding from weak to strong and from small to large ; and has brought true an epoch - making change in the weaponry development of the pla from manufacturing on imported models to designing and manufacturing weapons on our own , from developing conventional weapons to sophisticated weapons , and from developing weapons for the ground force only to weapons for all arms .
ever since the convocation of $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , in particular , all the comrades working on the scientific and technological front for national defense and weaponry development have firmly implemented the strategy established by the party central committee and the central military commission on strengthening the army through science and technology , successfully adapted themselves to the world 's development trend of high technologies and changes in the world 's military field , gone all out to make the country strong , and have attained new achievements of world interest .
a batch of battleships , aircraft , land weapons , precision - guidance missiles , and electronic telecommunications equipment of advanced performance has been successfully developed and used to equip our troops .
today , our army has developed a basic system for its weaponry and equipment of a new generation , which enjoys a relatively intact structure and a relatively strong capacity of developing complete sets of weaponry and equipment , thus providing strong weaponry and technological support for our army to enhance its defense and combat capabilities under modern technological , especially high - tech , conditions .
meanwhile , breakthroughs have also been made in the project of manned space flight .
our study and research of high technologies has successfully shortened our gap with the world 's advanced level , and has provided both a technological source and a strong driving force for efforts to accelerate the weaponry modernization of our army .
cao gangchuan indicated : such a large - span development in the scientific and technological undertaking for national defense and weaponry development has also brought along the progress of the entire country in the field of high technologies ; given a great impetus to the industrialization of such high - tech sectors as nuclear power , aviation , space flight , shipbuilding , machinery , and electronics ; and has made considerable contribution to promoting the economic construction and enhancing the comprehensive national strength of our country .
we should further carry forward and develop the elated enthusiasm and the high spirit of struggle that prevailed in those years when we were engaged in the development of " two bombs and one satellite " ; constantly make innovations , constantly scale new heights , and constantly attain new progresses in promoting scientific and technological advances for our national defense and weaponry development ; and strive to open up a new prospect in the scientific and technological undertaking for national defense and weaponry development .
the presentation and distribution ceremony was presided over by li jinai , political commissar of the general weaponry department .
present at the presentation and distribution ceremony were vice cppcc chairman zhu guangya ; the responsible persons of the commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense , the chinese academy of sciences , and all scientific and technological group corporations for national defense ; as well as $number veteran experts and veteran leaders from the scientific and technological front for national defense , including yu min , wang daheng , chen nengkuan , yang jiaxichi , cheng kaijia , and tu shou 'e who had been conferred the " medal of merits for the development of two bombs and one satellite . "
changsha , $date ( xinhua ) - - yiyang city 's heshan district people 's court made a judgement days ago , sentencing cai youwei , former deputy director of the flood prevention office under the yiyang water resources and hydropower bureau , to $number years in prison for embezzling flood prevention funds .
in $date last year , the anticorruction bureau of the yiyang heshan district procuratorate received offense reports and began an investigation . since $date , cai youwei began to take charge of the management of materials and funds for flood prevention for the whole city . in the flood prevention period $date , he took advantage of his post to make profits for others , and thereby received bribery six times , totalling $number yuan .
from $date , cai youwei , individually or together with others , embezzled money by hiding income and making false reports of expenditures . he made such offenses five times and embezzled $number yuan .
on $date , the heshan district procuratorate accused cai youwei of graft and receiving bribery , and instituted a public prosecution at the heshan district people 's court . also being put into the defendant position were cao lilin , former head of the hill project management post under the yiyang water resource and hydropower bureau ; liu guming , former deputy director of the yiyang water resource and hydropower bureau ; and jiang lianke , former manager - general of the tongda company under the water resource and hydropower bureau .
heshan procuratorate , with conclusive evidence , accused the three also guilty of graft or graft and accepting bribes .
as of $date this year , the heshan people 's court has concluded trials and examinations in the cases and also sentenced cao lilin , liu guming , and jiang lianke to set terms of imprisonment .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - luo gan , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , state councilor , and secretary of the central commission of political science and law , spoke at the national teleconference on strengthening the construction of the grassroots contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel today . he emphatically said : judicial , procuratorial , and public security departments at all levels should proceed from the perspective of safeguarding social stability as well as maintaining long - term stability and making our country prosperous and strong , strive to built a loyal and reliable contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security cadres who are rigid in discipline , have good work style , implement laws with justice , are well trained , and are well versed in their work .
luo gan said : the major work of strengthening the construction of the grassroots contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel lies in improving the work of judicial , procuratorial , and public security departments , grassroots police stations , people 's courts , judicial offices , prisons , and reform - through - labor units at county or district level . guided by jiang zemin 's instruction of " strictly implementing law and enthusiastically providing service , " they should focus on implementing law with justice .
they should insist on the principle of conducting administration in accordance with law and set strict standards of conduct for the police . beginning now , we should conscientiously strengthen the leading groups of grassroots judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel . we should strive to make remarkable improvement in the quality of these personnel in two years . we should strive to basically solve the problems of public concern that have aroused strong indignation in society .
luo gan said : in strengthening the construction of the grassroots contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel , we should focus on the following five aspects : $number , it is necessary to conscientiously strengthen the construction of the leading groups of grassroots judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel .
in accordance with the plan made by the cpc central committee , we should do a good job in conducting the " three stresses " campaign among the leading groups of people 's courts , people 's procuratorates , and public security departments at the county level .
$number , more efforts should be made in education and training so as to enhance the overall quality of grassroots judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel .
in light of " some opinions of the cpc central committee regarding the strengthening and improvement of ideological and political work , " we should carry out among cadres and police an educational campaign on the party 's basic line , theory , and purpose . we should help them to improve their understanding about the legal system . in this way , we can enhance their political quality and continuously improve their ideology and work style .
$number , we should set a rigid requirement for recruiting judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel and help those who are not suitable for their work to leave .
we should carry out a special task to reform organizations and consolidate those people who have not been recruited in accordance with regulations and who are not suitable for their jobs . in this way , we can continuously strengthen the invigoration and fighting capacity of the contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel .
$number , we should continue to carry out the " civilization promotion " activities and promote law enforcement with justice .
$number , we should run the party strictly . we should conscientiously strengthen the construction of grassroots party organizations and bring into full play the model and leading role of party members .
luo gan emphatically said : party committees , governments , as well as judicial , procuratorial , and public security departments at all levels should put the work high on their agenda . they should conscientiously strengthen their leadership .
in light of local situation and their own condition , they should spare no effort in formulating regulations concerning the construction of the grassroots contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel . they should set forth their goal , task , and concrete measures . they should strengthen their leadership over the task .
members of the central commission of political science and law , including xiao yang , han zhubin , jia chunwang , xu yongyao , gao changli , zhou ziyu , and wang shengjun , attended the meeting .
responsible comrades of the supreme people 's court , the supreme people 's procuratorate , the ministry of public security , and the ministry of justice spoke at the meeting . they explained their own systems ' plans for strengthening the construction in this aspect .
how did a large state enterprise with $number workers and staff members and an annual total output value as high as $number yuan get hollowed out ?
with ulterior motive , they secretly held high positions on both sides at same time chen haiyan 's gang curried favor with those in authority in $number ways to grab important posts both in state - owned enterprises [ soes ] and in private companies and then exploited the authority in their hands to continuously transfer state - owned assets to the private companies . subsequently , they transferred the state - owned assets into their own pockets by way of playing such tricks as " distribution of shareholders ' dividends , " " life staff members , " and " accumulation fund . " this was their way of " great originality " of committing offenses .
this trick of embezzlement was deceptive and puzzling to many people .
after graduating from senior middle school $date , chen haiyan , the principal offender in the case , entered into the xiangtan cable factory [ xcf ] through recruitment to take his father 's place . at $number he worked as an ordinary mail clerk . thanks to the xcf 's fostering , he took two refresher courses and obtained his college degree and was posted by the xcf to the " taitong company " in shenzhen . step by step , he was promoted to the post of manager of that company 's operations department .
when he thought he already possessed the " capital " after having acquired experience and skills and had in hand business connections , chen haiyan tendered his resignation to the xwcgc so as to go it alone . naturally , this was rejected by the xwcgc .
under such circumstances , chen haiyan , who was obsessed with the idea of acquiring personal wealth , went so far as to gang up with other offenders including peng mengwu [ $number $number $number ] , li shiping [ $number $number $number ] , and wang xianglong [ $number $number $number ] and leave their jobs without authorization to jointly establish the shenzhen " dayang electrical works company [ dewc ] , " a joint - venture enterprise invested by three shareholders including a certain hong kong businessman called lin . chen haiyan himself became general manager and peng , li , and wang successively and separately held such posts as deputy general manager and general manager in that company , which produced and dealt in products similar to those of the xwcgc 's " taitong company . "
to seek development , chen haiyan suggested to his partners that they return to xiangtan to take advantage of the xwcgc 's human , financial , and material resources to develop and build up the strength of " dayang . "
after that , chen haiyan took advantage of an occasion where the xwcgc was eager to get an affiliated factory into production and spared no effort in helping to bring about the establishment of the xiangtan dayang electromagnetic wire company limited [ dewcl ] , which was jointly invested by the xwcgc , the dewc , and others . the new company 's operations were contracted out to the xwcgc , which held a controlling interest . by currying favor with those in authority , chen haiyan obtained the important post of general manager of the company and , shortly after that , thought of a way to grab the power of operation in another backbone enterprise of the xwcgc , the jinxiang company .
after that , he exploited the authority in hand to appoint one partner after another as his assistants in the two companies .
also around that time , chen haiyan and others fraudulently obtained business registrations by false capital investment to successively set up in xiangtan and shenzhen phantom companies such as the dayang limited - liability company and dayang industrial company and then contracted for the xiangtan yuhu trading company .
after the case came to light , all these companies were identified by the industrial and commercial administration department as private companies .
chen haiyan held the posts of legal representative , general manager , and chairman of these private companies and at the same time arranged for li , peng , wang , and his wife chen yinghui [ $number $number $number ] to separately hold , on a part - time basis , such posts as vice chairman , director , general manager , and deputy general manager .
these private companies became the tools for them to commit specific offenses and the carriers for them to obtain illegal benefits .
in $date , immediately after he had successfully grabbed the post of general manager of the xwcgc , chen haiyan placed peng , li , and wang in principal leading positions in the xwcgc 's major departments and exhorted them : " your root is in dayang , so don 't forget the development of dayang .
you must have dayang in mind , show concern for dayang , and care for dayang . " he also assigned rigid profit targets to the private companies under their charge to encourage and support their serving the interest of the private companies by various means at the expense of the xwcgc .
in name , the " dayang company " paid no salary to these so - called " life senior staff members ; " in reality , it deposited their salaries into their special personal accumulation fund accounts .
as investigated and verified through audits , the series of dayang private companies collected a total of $number yuan in accumulation fund by $date . the accumulation fund was distributed after deducting a portion that was lent out and spent , with chen haiyan getting $number yuan and li shiping , wang xianglong , and peng mengwu each getting $number yuan .
the interests of this gang of " borers " in the xwcgc were closely tied up with the development of the dayang private companies in this way . it served to guarantee , by means of economic benefits , that they would be bound to gang up for selfish interests and prompt them to do their utmost to exploit the xwcgc 's talents , assets , products , and market to develop and strengthen the " dayang company . "
swindling and robbing , they swallowed like a whale in name of " reform " a customary tactic of chen haiyan 's gang was to wantonly engage in unlawful operations to transfer and embezzle large amounts of state - owned assets under the banners of " capital operation " and " assets recombination . "
they took advantage of their " dual " identity in the xwcgc and " dayang company " to relend large amounts of the xwcgc 's loans to the " dayang company " by means of diversion , misappropriation , and interest subsidization . the xwcgc was made to subsidize or pay interest on any such loans that had become overdue in repayment . they also let the " dayang company " handle the xwcgc 's finished products without compensation . as such , they did not hesitate to sacrifice the xwcgc 's vital interests for the sake of developing and strengthening the " dayang company . "
in the past few years , according to statistics , the instances of diverting public funds from the xwcgc to the " dayang company " alone came to $number in number , involving as much as $number yuan in total .
in addition , the xwcgc bore the " dayang company 's " loan interest losses totaling $number yuan .
according to the audit report , this alone caused the xwcgc a huge loss of $number yuan .
from the days he took a hand in the xwcgc to the days he took control of the xwcgc , chen haiyan set up a total of $number private and partnership companies under the name " dayang . "
to change these companies into " joint - venture " or " cooperative " enterprises overnight , his gang cheated intermediary institutions by providing false financial information and proceeded to obtain business registrations by fraud .
furthermore , to make their criminal acts appear right and proper , they used " lawful business operations " and " trade contacts " as covers , generating large amounts of so - called trading business between these private companies and the xwcgc and concealing criminal acts and tricks in the so - called " lawful trade " to transfer and embezzle state - owned assets in a seemingly respectable and dignified manner .
it is also worth mentioning that the private companies under chen ostensibly included some joint ventures with hong kong businesses , some joint ventures with banks , and also some joint ventures with the yuhu prefectural government . as such , public ownership were intermixed with private ownership to give people many false impressions and make it difficult for people to discern their nature off - hand .
another tactic of chen haiyan 's gang in using " reform " as a pretext for profiting from confusion was to seek honor through fraud and deception by deceiving their superiors and deluding their subordinates .
to hoodwink people , chen haiyan , knowing perfectly well that an enterprise 's internal sales should not be included in its sales revenues and output value , mandatorily ordered affiliated enterprises to falsely add a total of $number yuan to the sales revenues . of these false sales revenues , $number yuan was from the false procurement of raw materials and false issuance of sales receipts , while the other $number yuan was from value - added tax and other receipts issued by branch factories to one another .
thus , he caused the xwcgc 's enterprise output value , which was $number yuan at the time he took over , to skyrocket to $number yuan $date and $number yuan $date and its economic returns to " leap from a $number yuan loss $date to a $number yuan profit during the period from $date through $date . " as a result , the xwcgc won the laurel of so - called " fastest growth in sales and economic returns " in the national wire and cable industry and ranked among the top $number business conglomerates in hunan .
chen haiyan himself rose overnight to be a committee member of the all - china youth federation and " outstanding entrepreneur . "
results of the hunan provincial audit department 's audit show a net increase of $number yuan in the xwcgc 's losses during chen haiyan 's term of office , while the dayang industrial ( private ) company , which had him as general manager and employed only $number - odd people , made $number yuan in profits .
draw lessons from bitter experience that stimulates deep thought chen haiyan 's gang did great damage to the xwcgc 's production and operation as well as social stability with their premeditated , organized , planned , and wanton transferring and embezzlement of state - owned assets .
during chen haiyan 's term of office , the company had bad assets and potential losses worth $number yuan besides losing $number yuan . not only did this cause the company personnel to lose morale and land its production and operation in a state of paralysis or semi - paralysis for a long time , it also sapped the xwcgc 's vitality . the various sequels have stubbornly lingered on to this day , making it difficult for the company to stand up within these few years and causing the xwcgc inestimable economic , political , and other losses .
through the voluminous archival materials , the course of decline and bitter lesson of the xwcgc stimulate deep thought .
the key lies in properly building enterprise leading bodies , particularly in concentrating efforts on selecting good heads .
when working with the " taitong company " in shenzhen on the xwcgc 's posting , chen haiyan had privately gotten in touch with the shenzhen dayang electrical works company [ as transmitted ] and taken part in their business activities .
yet , some leaders not only did not look into the matter but instead helped him get a cadre position , gave priority to training him up , and promoted him to an important position . later , after chen haiyan left his job without authorization and started up his own company , some leaders , again by just looking at the surface and ignoring what actually had happened , subjectively believed him to be a rare talent and rashly decided to turn the xwcgc over to him , paving the way for his diabolical ambitions of serving outsiders ' interests at the expense of his own employer to prevail .
lesson no. $number : in rehabilitating soes , we must guard against being eager for quick success and instant benefit .
$date , the xwcgc leaders then wanted to introduce foreign capital on the occasion of putting its electromagnetic wire branch factory into full - scale production .
in the absence of in - depth investigation and study , they simply listened to chen haiyan 's sweet talk and blindly believed him and then rashly reached a final decision to close the deal .
the joint - venture dewcl had three shareholders . the xwcgc invested $ $number for a $number percent interest , while the hong kong ( liangle ) company [ hklc ] and the dewc of shenzhen only invested $ $number and $ $number , respectively . there were also an agreement and decision that all risks should be borne by the xwcgc .
yet , the xwcgc leaders , whose brains were muddled with eagerness for quick success and instant benefit , still decided to contract for the operation of this joint - venture enterprise and entrusted chen haiyan , who had long left the xwcgc , with the powers for operation and management .
in the end , the dewcl lost $number yuan but the hklc had taken away almost $number yuan in profit dividends .
facts have proved that we would definitely get a result that is just the opposite of our wish by blindly seeking quick success and instant benefit and acting in a casual , hasty manner .
lesson no. $number : the strengthening of education and supervision is an important guarantee for making a good job of soe reform .
during his term of office , chen haiyan not only brought the xwcgc chaotic management , unrealistic operation , and out - of - control finances , but also arrogated all powers to himself , assumed an air of self - importance , and acted on his own will .
looking at the audit results , basically all accounts in the company were inconsistent with one another and with the facts and everywhere there were false statements and reports , false storage lists , and false receipts . putting on a double face , chen haiyan concurrently held important posts in both state and private enterprises as well as vigorously pursued selfish interests in gang and served the interest of outsiders at the expense of his own employer .
however , these obvious violations of rules , discipline , and laws were not attended to by anybody and the supervisory institutions and relevant rules and regulations had served practically no purpose .
the xwcgc case has sounded the alarm once again for us .
guangzhou , $date ( xinhua ) - - after attending a meeting on the " three stresses [ stressing theoretical study , political awareness , and good conduct ] " education for leading cadres of gaozhou city of maoming , guangdong , jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , state president , and chairman of the central military commission (cmc) , went to inspect the work of guangdong and to conduct study and investigation on strengthening party building in the new period and promoting the development of high - tech industries $date .
he emphasized that what is crucial in properly handling the affairs of china lies in our party , in the situation of our party 's ideology , style , organization , and discipline , and in its combat effectiveness and leading level .
so long as our party always acts as the faithful representative of the demands of the development of the advanced social productive forces in the china , the direction of the development of the advanced culture in china , and the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people in china , our party will forever be in an invincible position , and will forever have the heartfelt support of the people of all ethnic groups of the country and continuously lead them forward .
in early spring in guangdong , trees are luxuriantly green , flowers are blooming , and vitality greets the eyes everywhere .
jiang zemin and zeng qinghong , alternate member of the political bureau , member of the secretariat , and head of the organization department of the cpc central committee who was following jiang zemin on the trip , went to inspect the work in shenzhen , shunde and guangzhou , accompanied by li changchun , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee ; lu ruihua , governor of guangdong ; and liu shutian , political commissar of the guangzhou military region .
after listening to a work report by the guangdong provincial cpc committee , jiang zemin said that the guangdong provincial cpc committee and the guangdong provincial government have persistently taken deng xiaoping theory as guidance , resolutely implemented the spirit of the $number cpc national congress and various arrangements for work made by the central authorities , followed the requirements of creating new advantages and taking the lead in striving to basically realize modernization in china , led the broad masses of cadres and people of the whole province in working hard and forging ahead in a pioneering spirit , and made new achievements in the building of the two civilizations .
he hoped the leading cadres at all levels in guangdong province will unite as one , cooperate for the same goal , lead the broad masses of people in creating new advantages at a higher level and in striving to basically realize socialist modernization , continue to emancipate the mind , seek truth from facts , forge ahead in a pioneering spirit , and constantly make new achievements .
this year is the $number anniversary of the establishment of the special economic zones in our country .
jiang zemin was very happy to see the economic development , urban construction , and the tremendous changes in the people 's material and cultural life in shenzhen .
he pointed out that the development and changes in shenzhen and other special economic zones are a vivid reflection of the great achievements brought by the line , principles and policies since $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , a very good miniature of the historical changes in our country in the past $number years and more , and a strong confirmation of the superiority of the cpc leadership and the socialist system .
practice has convincingly shown that the reform and opening up policy formulated , and the great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics initiated , by our party under the leadership of comrade deng xiaoping are entirely correct and are the broad road to making our country rich , strong and prosperous and to realizing common prosperity of the people .
jiang zemin pointed out that after carrying out reform and opening up in the past $number years and more , tremendous achievements have been made in the economic and social development of our country and the people 's living standard has been remarkably improved .
this is extraordinary .
under such circumstances , it is all the more necessary for us to conduct education activities among the broad masses of cadres and people , especially among the cadres and people in places where relatively more rapid development has been made , to enable them to " think of where prosperity has come from , and think of forging ahead after achieving prosperity , " so that the broad masses of cadres and people will clearly understand why we have been able to make remarkable achievements in reform and construction and how to strengthen our conviction and guard against arrogance and rashness , and will continue to work untiringly on the basis of the achievements attained .
it is necessary to enable the broad masses of cadres and people to fully understand the superiority of the party 's correct leadership and the socialist system , which can concentrate efforts on doing big things , and to fully understand that the correct line , principles and policies for reform , opening up and modernization formulated by our party under the guidance of comrade deng xiaoping are the fundamental guarantee to bringing about rapid economic and social development in our country .
the reason for doing so is to encourage all the people of the country to bravely forge ahead along the correct road of reform , opening up and socialist modernization , and to realize the magnificent goal of the cross - century development of our country .
how to earnestly strengthen party building in the face of the new situation and new tasks is an important issue that general secretary jiang zemin is always concerned and thinking about .
on $date , jiang zemin went deep into nanling village of buji town , longgang district , shenzhen city , and had an informal discussion on party building at the grass - roots level with members of the party branch and party - member representatives of the villagers .
on the morning of $date , jiang zemin held and chaired a forum on party building work in enterprises held in shunde city , listened to reports by the shunde city cpc committee and by people responsible for the party organizations of some state - owned , jointly funded and private enterprises , and asked in detail about the ways and experience in party building of enterprises in shunde city .
on the afternoon of $date , jiang zemin held and chaired a forum on party building work in guangzhou city , and explored how to strengthen party building in the new period together with people responsible for the party organizations in some enterprises , establishments , and neighborhoods .
jiang zemin affirmed their achievements in party building work and encouraged them to continue to strengthen party building .
jiang zemin pointed out that through summing up the history of our party in the past $number years and more , an important conclusion can be drawn , that is , the reason why our party has won the people 's support is that our party , being the vanguard of the working class in china , has always represented the demands of the development of the advanced social productive forces in china , represented the direction of the development of the advanced culture in china , and represented the fundamental interests of the broad masses of people in china , and has made unremitting efforts to realize the fundamental interests of the country and the people through formulating correct lines , principles and policies in various historical periods of revolution , construction and reform .
it is necessary to think deeply of the important issue of how our party can better represent the demands of the development of the advanced social productive forces in china , can better represent the direction of the development of the advanced culture in china , and can better represent the fundamental interests of the chinese people under new historical conditions , in close connection with changes in the domestic and international situation , in close connection with the reality of the latest development of the social productive forces and the profound changes in the economic structure of our country , in close connection with the new demands of the people on the development of their material and cultural life , and in close connection with the great changes in the contingent of our party members and cadres .
all communists and leading cadres must thoroughly understand and keep firmly in mind these three " represents " and use them to guide our ideology and conduct . only in this way can we really become qualified party members and qualified party leading cadres .
jiang zemin pointed out that the number of members of our party has already exceeded $number and it is not easy to properly manage such a large contingent . at present , party building is still not in keeping with the new situation and new tasks in quite a few aspects .
there are also quite a few problems in the party in ideology , organization and style that are not in keep with , or even have damaged , the people 's interests . there are also many new situations and new problems to be studied and solved .
party committees at all levels must pinpoint a number of important issues involving the overall situation of party building for in - depth study and investigation in accordance with the actual situation of local party building , make clear the situation , adopt measures to strengthen work , and promote party building work in a down - to - earth manner .
general secretary jiang zemin is much concerned about and has attached great importance to the readjustment of the economic structure and the development of high - tech industries .
during his inspection tour , jiang zemin came to the shenzhen city high - tech industry park , listened to reports on the development of the high - tech industries in shenzhen city , and went to see exhibits of high - tech products .
he also visited the shenzhen zhongxing telecommunications joint - stock company , the shenzhen seg hitachi color display devices co . ltd . , the shenzhen development science and technology joint - stock company , the fujin precision industry company ltd . , of the fushikang enterprise group , the shenzhen huawei technology company ltd . , the guangzhou honda auto company ltd . , and the zhujiang piano group company ltd . ; inspected the actual production in these enterprises ; cordially talked with workers and people responsible for the enterprises ; and asked about how the enterprises were managed and operated .
jiang zemin pointed out that $number years ago when $date was approaching , important breakthroughs were made in the science and technology progress of the world and they produced an inestimable impact on the development of the world 's productive forces at that time and afterward .
at that time , china was in a miserable state of political darkness , and turmoil and the chaos of war , and the chinese had no means of livelihood . it was totally impossible for china to catch up with the advanced current of the world 's science and technology development .
at present , at the door of $date , tremendous historical changes have taken place in china and in the economic and social life of the world compared with $number years ago .
new and important breakthroughs have again been made in the world 's science and technology , which have opened up broad prospects for the development of the world 's productive forces .
the socialist china of today certainly has the conditions and ability to catch up with the advanced current of the development of the world 's science and technology and to bring about greater development of the chinese nation .
what is crucial is that we must seize the opportunity and do our own work well .
with efforts made over the past $number years and more since the beginning of reform and opening up , our country has made achievements in economic construction and social development that have attracted worldwide attention and the development of the eastern region has even been more rapid .
the conditions of the eastern region are relatively better and this region should strive to basically realize socialist modernization $number and make greater contribution to building socialism with chinese characteristics .
jiang zemin pointed out that to further develop the economy of our country $date , it is necessary mainly to depend on science and technology renovation and structural renovation .
in this sense , our tasks of promoting reform , opening up and modernization are even more formidable .
it is necessary to step up research and practice on how to increase new advantages in economic development through science and technology renovation and structural renovation under new domestic and foreign conditions .
it is necessary to firmly grasp the realization of the strategic readjustment of our economic structure through science and technology progress and renovation , to firmly grasp the implementation of the " going out " strategy , and to firmly grasp the establishment and perfection of a complete system and mechanism needed for the development of the socialist market economy .
speaking about the implementation of the strategy for the general development of the western region , jiang zemin said that speeding up the development of the central and western regions is an important policy - decision made by the party central committee to promote the cross - century development of our country .
the eastern region should actively provide funds , technology , personnel , information , ways of management , and other kinds of support for the development of the western region .
the strategy for the general development of the western region will also inevitably provide more opportunities for the development of the eastern region , and the eastern region can make fuller use of the resources and market of the western region to promote its own development .
jiang zemin pointed out that building socialism with chinese characteristics includes the two aspects of developing the material civilization and developing the spiritual civilization , and it is necessary to bring about coordinated development and comprehensive progress of the economy and the society .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , all comrades of the party have done a great deal of work and made remarkable achievements in strengthening the building of the socialist spiritual civilization while persistently taking economic construction as the center .
this should be affirmed .
however , it is necessary to soberly see that making great efforts to strengthen the building of the socialist spiritual civilization remains an important and pressing task before the whole party .
party committees and governments at all levels must earnestly and properly grasp the building of the spiritual civilization while persistently taking economic construction as the center , and continue to obtain excellent results in the building of both the material civilization and the socialist spiritual civilization .
jiang zemin emphasized that education and management , as well as the rule of ethics and the rule of law , must be emphasized at the same time in improving the party 's style and building clean administration .
if education is properly carried out , the rule of ethics is strengthened , and cadres ' ideological and political quality and spiritual realm are uplifted , the occurrence of violations of law and discipline will be effectively guarded against and reduced .
if management is properly carried out and the rule of law is strengthened , loopholes for violations of law and crimes will be plugged . meting out punishment according to law for those who have violated law and discipline will serve to warn and educate the broad masses of cadres and people .
it is necessary to step up ideological and political education for leading cadres at all levels .
with the development of the economy and the improvement in livelihood , leading cadres still have to maintain the fine style of working hard and perseveringly .
all leading cadres must treasure the reform and opening policy formulated by comrade deng xiaoping , treasure the historical honor won by our party in leading the people in reform , opening up , and modernization , be open and aboveboard , work in a down - to - earth manner , and wholeheartedly serve the people all their life .
leading cadres at all levels must firmly establish and make great efforts to carry forward the work style of working hard and perseveringly , being earnest and down - to - earth , and quietly immersing oneself in hard work .
all leading cadres , especially young cadres , must understand very clearly that cadres and leaders are to work for the interests of the party and the people and must always be ready to sacrifice everything for , or contribute everything to , the party and the people .
all communists , especially leading cadres , must be loyal and devoted , and work hard for the party and the people without being upset by criticism . with such a spirit , one will certainly be able to make achievements in work .
during his inspection tour , jiang zemin met with cadres at and above the regimental level of units in maoming and shenzhen , and cadres at and above the division level of the guangzhou military region , and listened to a work report by the standing committee of the cpc committee of the guangzhou military region .
jiang zemin fully affirmed the guangzhou military region for comprehensively strengthening army building and for satisfactorily fulfilling various important tasks assigned by the party central committee and the cmc .
also accompanying jiang zemin on his inspection tour were wang ruilin , cmc member and deputy director of the general political department , and wang gang , zeng peiyan , hua jianmin , zhu lilan , you xigui , wang huning , and jia tingan , people responsible for relevant departments of organs of the central committee and the central government .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the china council for promotion of international trade and the economic and trade coordination committee for two sides of the strait held today a forum on the white paper concerning the " one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
participants in the forum pointed out that the one - china principle is the foundation for the cross - strait peaceful reunification as well as the cornerstone of cross - strait economic and trade development .
yu xiaosong , chairman of the china council for promotion of international trade , indicated that the issuance of this white paper has once again definitely pointed the one - china principle as the foundation for the cross - strait peaceful reunification .
the chinese government and people did not , do not , and will not compromise and change in this issue , nor allow anyone to challenge the one - china principle .
yu xiaosong maintained that along with the smooth return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the cross - strait relations have entered a new stage and face a major opportunity of development while entering the new millennium .
this has showed the chinese government 's stand of adhering to the one - china principle .
this has also showed the chinese government 's determination to persistently implement the principles of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and chairman jiang zemin 's eight proposals and to promote the sound development of the cross - strait relations under the one - china principle .
he said : the rapid development of the cross - strait economic and trade relations over the past $number years or so has proven the fact that only based on the one - china principle can we provide a stable foundation for the development of cross - strait relations .
economic and trade contacts and exchanges between the two sides of the straits have opened more markets and opportunities for the further development of taiwan 's economy . the mainland china has already become one of the most essential trade partners of taiwan and the biggest market of taiwan 's products .
this has been shown by the data of the direct trade transactions between the two sides over the past five years .
the annual import volume under the direct trade between the mainland china and taiwan reached $ $number $date , as against $ $number $date , registering an average yearly increase of $number percent .
the situation in which the economies of the two sides are mutually benefited and complemented has begun to take shape . " unification is beneficial to both , while separation is harmful to both . "
the achievements in the cross - strait economic and trade exchanges are hard - earned , so does the development of the cross - strait relations .
once the one - china principle is deviated , the foundation for the development of cross - strait exchanges will no longer exist , the basic nature of the cross - strait relations will be destroyed , and the opportunity and condition for cross - strait economic and trade cooperation and exchanges will be deprived .
yu xiaosong indicated : the " rules for the implementation of the law on protection of taiwan compatriots ' investment , " that were promulgated by the mainland china at the end of last year , have provided another major law for protecting the legitimate rights and interests of taiwan businesses .
while accelerating the pace of entering the world trade organization , the mainland china will further open its markets , expand its investment reach , and improve its investment environment . as a result , taiwan compatriots will face a huge market filled with boundless business opportunities and development potentials .
at the forum , participants vied with one another in expressing their resolute support for the one - china principle . they also expressed their hope that the taiwan authorities will conform to the trend , lift as soon as possible all the unreasonable restrictions on cross - strait economic and trade exchanges , change the method of pan - politicization in dealing with the direct " three links " between the two sides , and take practical steps to develop the cross - strait economic and trade exchanges .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan held talks here today with vietnamese foreign minister nguyen dy nien .
the two sides exchanged in a deep - going way views on how to further develop the ties between the two countries and reached an extensive common understanding .
tang jiaxuan said : over the past eight years and more since the normalization of diplomatic ties between china and vietnam , the two parties and the two countries have witnessed smooth development of their ties , with friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields having constantly developed at a deeper level .
at the turn of the century , general secretary jiang zemin and general secretary le kha phieu set a framework for relations oriented toward $date and characterized by " long - term stability , future orientation , good - neighborliness , and all - around cooperation , thus marking a new era for bilateral relations .
at the end of last year , the two countries formally signed the " china - vietnam land border treaty . " the treaty , which was the result of concerted efforts made by the two sides , is beneficial to the long - term stability of the two countries ' borders and is in accord with the fundamental interests and common aspiration of the peoples of the two countries .
tang jiaxuan said : at the beginning of this year , the chinese and vietnamese peoples solemnly celebrated the $number anniversary of the establishment of bilateral diplomatic ties .
the chinese side is ready to work with the vietnamese side to further strengthen their friendly exchanges and cooperation . we should step up the follow - up work on the land border agreement and make more efforts in the negotiations on the demarcation of the beibu gulf in order to complete as scheduled the task assigned to us by leaders of the two countries . in this way , we can jointly push forward the continued development of bilateral ties in breadth and depth .
nguyen dy nien said : vietnam and china are friendly socialist neighbors who are linked by common mountains and rivers .
the peoples of the two countries have showed mutual empathy and support throughout the long - term revolutionary struggle .
the vietnamese communist party , government , and people will never forget the tremendous support and assistance provided by the chinese communist party , government , and people .
the framework for bilateral ties set by general secretary le kha phieu and general secretary jiang zemin at the turn of the century represents a strategic guiding principle for the development of the ties between the two countries .
the " china - vietnam land border treaty " formally signed by the two countries on $date is of great historic significance .
this year , the vietnamese side is ready to work hand in hand with the chinese side and jointly adopt effective measures to expand economic and trade cooperation . we will accelerate the progress of border talks and are determined to solve the demarcation of the beibu gulf $date in order to complete as scheduled the task assigned to us by leaders of the two countries .
the two sides also extensively exchanged opinions on international and regional issues of common concern .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the supervisory power of the people 's congress and its standing committee is the political power of the people as masters of their own affairs . compared with other forms of supervision , it has the highest legal effect , and its essence is imposing restrictions on other state organs of power to ensure that the state apparatus operates according to people 's will .
the supervisory function and power of the people 's congress and its standing committee are an important function and power entrusted by the constitution .
the supervisory system of the people 's congress is an important part of the people 's congress system .
what do the people 's congress and its standing committee supervise ?
in a nutshell , they supervise the enforcement of the constitution and laws and the work of the " government , the people 's procuratorate , and the people 's court . "
based on the content , the supervision includes legal supervision and work supervision .
the content and scope of the legal supervision are : the national people 's congress and its standing committee supervise the enforcement of the constitution ; and local people 's congresses at all levels and their standing committees make efforts to ensure the constitution , laws , administrative rules and regulations , and the resolutions of higher - level people 's congresses and their standing committees are abided by and implemented within their administrative regions .
such legal supervision is mainly meant to supervise behavior in violation of the constitution and laws committed by administrative , judicial , and procuratorial organs and the state organ of power at the next lower level .
work supervision means to supervise whether the work of the " government , the people 's procuratorate , and the people 's court " conforms to the constitution and laws , is correctly carried out in line with the principles and policies of the party and the state , and conforms to the fundamental interests of the people , and to supervise whether members of the " government , the people 's procuratorate , and the people 's court " are devoted to their responsibilities .
the specific content and scope of work supervision include overall work supervision , meaning supervising the overall endeavor of the " government , the people 's procuratorate , and the people 's court " to implement the line , principles , and policies of the party and the state ; plan and budget supervision , meaning examining and approving the state or local national economic and social development plans and their implementation and examining and approving the state or local budgets and their implementation ; and personnel supervision , meaning supervising the elections , appointments , and removals of state functionaries and their performance of duties .
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , president , and chairman of the central military commission , conducted an inspection in guangdong province recently , and delivered an important speech . this has greatly boosted the confidence and morale of the broad masses of the cadres and people in guangdong province , and will have far - reaching influence on the political and economic construction in guangdong .
guangdong has always been in the forefront among all provinces nationwide regarding the opening up and reform . the economy is brisk , and people 's lives have been improved remarkably in guangdong .
president jiang 's inspection in guangdong will propel guangdong to move up to a new stage in the undertaking of opening up and reform and the building of socialist modernization , and take a bigger step forward on the path of progress .
after attending the meeting on the " three stresses " education held by the leading cadres in gaozhou city , mingmao , guangdong . president jiang zemin went successively to shenzhen , shunde , and guangzhou cities for inspections . he conducted investigations and surveys by centering on the two issues of strengthening the party building in the new period and promoting the development of the industry of high new technology .
president jiang emphasized : the key to handling well the affairs in china lies in the communist party , and in the ideology , style , organization , discipline situation , capacity to struggle , and the level of the leadership of the party .
the " three stresses " education is still the core of the main emphases in the work of party building this year , and the party committees at all levels must make conscientious efforts to implement the education .
currently in implementing the " three stresses " education , it is necessary that the leading cadres at the county and city levels seek for the truth from facts , assess themselves by trying to see both the good points and shortcomings , appropriately make use of the weapon of criticism and self - criticism , earnestly listen to the opinions of the masses , and conscientiously rectify and reform . the key to whether the party line , principles , and policies will be ultimately implemented at the grass - roots levels in towns and rural areas lies in the work of the counties and cities .
president jiang called on the cadres to learn and obtain knowledge of economics , technology , law , management and history in order to do a good job .
he urged the cadres to be honest in performing their official duties , work diligently in defiance of difficulties , be upright , work honestly and sincerely , and serve the people wholeheartedly .
president jiang 's speech will greatly encourage and urge the broad masses of the cadres in guangdong province to enhance their awareness of the " three stresses , " rectify their style , do well the building of the party style and the construction of a clean and honest government , and make conscientious efforts to undertake the building of the spiritual civilization , as well as bring more prosperity to guangdong in addition to making great efforts to do well the core work of economic construction .
this year marks the $number anniversary of the establishment of the special economic zones in china .
therefore , president jiang 's inspection in shenzhen city is of particularly important significance .
president jiang spoke highly of the economic , urban , and cultural constructions in shenzhen .
he said : particularly , it is necessary to launch the educational activities of " remembering where the wealth comes from when becoming rich , and remembering to make advancements after prosperity is achieved " among the cadres and the masses in the areas of relatively rapid development . it is necessary to make everybody realize the appropriate leadership of the party and the superiority of the socialist system which concentrates all efforts to carry out great undertakings .
the instruction of deng xiaoping says the correct line , principles , and policies regarding the reform and opening up and modernization formulated by our party is the fundamental guarantee for bringing about rapid economic and social development of our country .
president jiang is very interested in and attaches great importance to the adjustment of the economic structure and the development of the industry of high new technology . he inspected some enterprises in shenzhen , and watched the exhibition of products of high new technology .
president jiang pointed out : a hundred years ago , at the dawn of $date , great breakthroughs were made in the field of science and technology in the world , which had dealt an immeasurable impact on the development of the world 's productive forces at that time and afterwards .
however , it was utterly impossible for china , overwhelmed by a dark political situation and turmoil and chaos of war , with the masses living in dire poverty and in a miserable state , to catch up with the advanced trend of developing science and technology in the world .
nowadays , at the dawn of $date , regardless of the look of china , or the economic and social life of the world , there have been great changes of historic significance in comparison with the situation $number years ago .
the socialist china today is completely qualified and capable of catching up with the advanced trend of the world in the field of science and technology .
shenzhen is currently located at a forefront of the development of the high new technology industry . the important remarks of president jiang will definitely give immeasurable impetus to the development of the industry of high new technology in shenzhen .
president jiang pointed out that it is necessary to intensify the research and implementation of the means to creating new advantages of economic development through technological innovations and innovations of systems under the new conditions in domestic china and overseas .
it is necessary to pay close attention to the realization of strategic adjustment of the economic structure in our country through technological progress and innovations , and to the implementation of the strategy of " making china known to the outside world , " as well as to the establishment and improvement of a complete set of systems and mechanisms needed for developing the socialist market economy .
it is anticipated that under the call of president jiang , shenzhen city will explore more courageously the aspect of developing the industry of high new technology , and make its due contributions to the development of the industry of high new technology in china .
after the chinese government published a white paper on the taiwan issue , there has been a noise from across the great ocean that is against china 's resorting to force against taiwan to accomplish the great cause of reunifying the motherland when it has no other choice .
after the white paper was published , spokesman for the us state department rubin indicated , " we reject the use of force or the threat of force as a way of settling the taiwan issue . "
that this issue has dragged on for a half century and remained unresolved precisely is the result of intervention by foreign forces including the united states .
after the new china was founded , the us government then at $number could extricate itself from the mire of the chinese civil war but it did not . instead , it adopted the policy of isolating and containing the new china and carried out armed interventions in the taiwan issue , which has been purely an internal affair of china , after the korean war broke out .
the us government made solemn promises on the taiwan issue after the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states . however , it has repeatedly violated pertinent promises in the three sino - us joint communiques , selling large quantities of advanced weapons to taiwan for a long time and deliberating on providing taiwan with its theater missile defense system . the us congress even attempts to adopt the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act . "
all this has fed lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] and pro - taiwan independence forces ' arrogance of splitting the motherland and constituted a major root of tensions in the taiwan strait .
the above us actions are wanton interference in china 's internal affairs and serious threats to china 's security that have hindered the progress of china 's peaceful reunification and also jeopardized peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and even the world . as a matter of course , they have met with the chinese government and people 's resolute opposition .
to safeguard the interests of all chinese people , including those compatriots in taiwan , the chinese government still consistently adheres to the guiding principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " still consistently adheres to " jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal , " and still is doing everything possible to strive for peaceful reunification .
in the meantime , however , china cannot but get well - prepared for settling the taiwan issue in a non - peaceful way .
to defend state sovereignty and territorial integrity is a major principle to which every sovereign state in the world would adhere .
the chinese government and people have all along been uncompromising and lived up to their word on such major issues of principle as defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
it is absolutely impossible for any plots to break up china to succeed .
here is a piece of advice for those in power in the united states : do not underestimate china 's determination and ability to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the us government 's professing of rejection of the use of force or threat of force against taiwan is just like a war monger reciting " peace scriptures . "
the united states has showed off its military prowess around the world and has at every turn used force or threatened to use force , playing the bully and interfering in the internal affairs of other countries .
last year it unleashed violent strikes in kosovo , wantonly and indiscriminately bombing the federal republic of yugoslavia for $number days .
the common people of iraq may become victims of us warplanes practically any day .
at a time when there is a possibility that china would use force to defend its state sovereignty and territorial integrity , under circumstances essentially different from those when the united states resorts to force , the united states has come out to obstruct unreasonably , making its hegemonist features all too clear .
the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china ; if the united states insists on intervening in it , sino - us relations certainly will suffer a serious setback and the chinese government and people will have to steel themselves to take on the united states right to the end .
with the smooth reversion of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the taiwan issue naturally is placed on the agenda , quickening the pace in reunifying china .
in bringing about reunification of the motherland lie the chinese nation 's overall interests , major principle , and cardinal principles of righteousness .
mr. sun yat - sen [ sun zhongshan ] once said : " unification is the hope for all the people of china .
if we can unify , the whole nation will live in ease and comfort ; if we cannot , the whole nation will live in misery . "
no force on earth can stop the chinese people from accomplishing the great cause of reunifying their motherland and they will surely achieve the magnificent goal of bringing about national reunification .
on the eve of the convocation of $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , li peng , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the npc standing committee , conducted inspections in wuxi and suzhou in southern jiangsu province , and listened to opinions of people of various circles .
according to the arrangements of the central authorities , during the inspections , li peng would conduct investigations and surveys on the situation of launching the " three stresses " education in suzhou 's zhangjiagang city , and give a mobilization talk at the meeting on the " three stresses " education held by the leading cadres in the city .
by adhering to the principle of " persistently building both material and spiritual civilizations and attaching equal importance to both , " zhangjiagang city has launched extensively various activities of building the spiritual civilization , and remarkable success has achieved in this regard .
in zhangjiagang on $date , li peng listened to the work reports on jiangsu province , suzhou city , and zhangjiagang city , and held a forum to discuss with the responsible comrades in the province and cities on the situation of implementing the " three stresses " education .
on $date , li peng spoke at the meeting on the " three stresses " education held by the leading cadres of zhangjiagang city .
he $number explained in an all - round way the necessity , importance , and urgency of the " three stresses " education .
he pointed out : the " three stresses " education is an important strategic decision on promoting the party building and new and great projects made by the party central committee . the decision was made through conscientious analyses and by conducting a comprehensive survey from the historical high plane at the turn of the century on the trend of the development and changes in the world and the overall situation of the cross - century development of the socialist modernization in china . the decision is an important preparation , in the ideological , political , and organizational sense , made by our party to usher in the new century , and accomplish a new historical task .
li peng pointed out : it is necessary to implement in an all - round way the demands of the central authorities regarding the implementation of the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) , and resolve the outstanding problems existing in the party character and party style .
comrade jiang zemin said : " the three stresses on learning , politics , and healthy trends are closely linked and mutually unified , and the core lies in the stress of politics . "
li peng hoped that the leading group and cadres in zhangjiagang city will , from the high plane of laying emphasis on politics , identify problems from the development and dialectical viewpoint , adhere to the high standard and strict demands , exert pressure on themselves , go all out to forge ahead , and conscientiously investigate , look for , and resolve the existing outstanding problems , as well as lead the people throughout the city to open up new prospects in the reform and opening up and modernization construction in zhangjiagang city .
li peng emphasized : on how effective is the implementation of the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) or whether the problems have been truly resolved , the answer , in the final analysis , is a matter of implementation of rectification and reform , and the answer will ultimately be reflected in rectification and reform as well .
when the broad masses of the cadres evaluate the implementation of the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) , they have to look at rectification and reform ultimately .
therefore , it is a must to make great efforts to rectify and reform in an earnest and down - to - earth manner , and transform the ideological enhancement and gains to doing well various practical jobs .
it is necessary to formulate plans and measures of rectification and reform , and make conscientious efforts to implement various measures of rectification and reform .
rectification and reform should not be postponed and conducted at the last stage , instead , it is necessary to closely integrate rectification and reform with the reality of the work , learning while conducting reforms , and rectifying while conducting reforms .
for the issues eagerly concerned by the masses , it is necessary to change immediately the ones that can be changed , so that the masses will be able to see the positive result of the " three stress " education , and their confidence in the " three stress " education will be strengthened .
wuxi and suzhou in southern jiangsu are the areas with a relatively higher economic development level in china . at the dawn of the new century and new millennium , the issue of how to further make full use of favorable factors , and promote further improvements in the economic construction and building of various social undertakings is one that has been thought over by the broad masses of cadres in these areas .
from $date , accompanied by hui liangyu , secretary of the jiangsu provincial cpc committee , chen huanyou , chairman of the jiangsu provincial people 's congress standing committee , and governor ji yunshi , li peng successively went to jiangyang , zhangjiagang , and wuxi cities to conduct inspections .
he went deeply into enterprises and rural areas to understand the development situation , and listen to opinions and suggestions .
li peng pointed out : after $number years of engaging in the reform and opening up , various localities throughout the country have made considerable progress of different degrees in terms of the economic level .
facing the new situations in domestic china and overseas and the new challenges of the new century and new millennium , it is a must to further define clearly the thinking about developing the economy , adjust in a timely manner the economic structure , and uphold all along the thinking of science and technology being the primary productive force , so as to bring about sustained , rapid , and healthy development of our national economy .
this is an issue concerned with by the party central committee and the people throughout the nation , and one of the important topics on the agenda of the upcoming $number session of $number npc .
li peng focused his inspections on the enterprises of relatively higher level of technology , including yangguang woolen group , shazhou iron and steel plant , xiaotiane company , xijie company , and lianhe automobile and electronic company .
he said : the areas in southern jiangsu have made the development of towns and township enterprises a breakthrough point , and had some advantages in the aspects of talents and technology following many years of accumulated constructions . on future economic construction in these areas , it is necessary to implement the strategy of making the country prosperous through technology and education , concentrate efforts on transforming the focus of development to the industry of high new technology , and intensify the efforts put into the fields that have foundation and enjoy advantages , including electronic information , bioengineering , new medicine , and new material , and build a new system of technological innovation which center on enterprises , as well as bring about a successful transformation of the whole economy .
in jiangyang city 's huaxi village , li peng learned about the current economic development situation in this village , and talked cordially with the villagers at their homes .
li peng said : over the past $number some years , the rural areas in southern jiangsu have experienced earthshaking changes , and through accelerating the construction of small towns and townships , an integration of the urban and rural areas has been initially achieved in quite a few localities .
it has been proved through implementation that it is feasible to accelerate urbanization and the construction of small towns and townships based on different situations , which is an important approach to facilitate the majority of the rural areas to cast off poverty and become fairly well - off .
in addition , it is necessary that we realize that we still direct our energies and attach great importance to the big issues of agriculture , rural areas , and peasants owing to an imbalance in the levels of economic development in china .
it is necessary to continue consolidating agriculture 's place of being the basis , and seize favorable opportunities to accelerate the agricultural structural adjustment by closely centering around the issue of increasing peasants ' revenues .
li peng fully affirmed jiangsu 's achievements made in the recent years in such aspects as water conservancy , communications , other infrastructural constructions , environmental protection , and the building of spiritual civilization .
he encouraged cadres at all levels to be inspired with enthusiasm , guard against arrogance and complacency , keep forging ahead in a pioneering spirit , make concerted efforts , and open up new prospects for various undertakings .
during the inspections , li peng learned about the situation of the meeting of the people 's congress in jiangsu which was in session .
he said : $number session of $number npc is a great event of the political life in china at the turn of the century .
the npc deputies at all localities must make the best use of the time before the convocation of the session to go down to the grass - roots level and into the midst of the masses to learn about the situations , and make preparations for holding a good meeting . those who accompanied chairman li peng were yan haiwang , person in charge of a relevant department under the central committee , and others .
vice president of the all - china taiwan studies society jiang dianming emphatically pointed out in beijing : " the white paper on the principle of one china has once again declared to people at home and abroad that the communist party of china [ cpc ] and the chinese government never made and will not in the future make compromise with and concession to anybody on the principle of one china regardless of all provocation and pressure .
when jiang dianming was recently interviewed by reporters , he pointed out : at a time when the taiwan authorities have gone to an extremely dangerous point on the road of splitting , the release of the white book " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " is of extremely great and immediate significance . he said : history has proven that maintaining the principle of one china is the foundation stone to preserving peace in the taiwan strait . if this foundation stone is abandoned or removed , peace in the taiwan strait will certainly be seriously threatened .
if a country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity are infringed upon or carved up , its fate will only be trampled upon at will by others and it will be bullied and humiliated by others .
this was the most heartfelt lesson for the chinese nation in modern history since the opium war .
to the chinese people , the principle of one china must never be challenged because the core of the principle is to maintain the sacred and inviolable state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
jiang dianming pointed out : history has repeatedly proven that the stand of the cpc and the chinese government on adhering to the principle of one china will never change .
all those who harbor an impractical illusion on this issue should cast off their intentions . he said : since $date , the day when the people 's republic of china [ prc ] was founded , the prc government naturally replaced the government of the republic of china . however , the remnant forces of the regime overthrown by the revolutionary force escaped to taiwan and continued to stay in the united nations for as long as $number years with the support of some foreign anti - china forces .
during that period , the chinese government repeatedly asked the united nations to change this illegitimate and unreasonable situation and restore the legitimate rights of prc in the united nations .
in the meantime , the chinese government repeatedly issued stern statements to express its determination to adhere to the principle of one china and foiled all kinds of schemes of so - called " dual recognition " plotted by certain anti - china western forces . with the support of many countries that uphold justice , the united nations restored the legitimate position of prc and expelled taiwan 's representative at the same time .
when some countries , due to various considerations , attempted to establish diplomatic relations with prc and at the same time maintain so - called diplomatic relations with taiwan , the chinese government invariably adhered to the principle of one china and would rather reject the establishment of such diplomatic relations rather than accepting " dual recognition . "
in recent years , lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] has constantly advocated " two chinas " and other fallacies and openly carried out splitting activities .
in view of the situation , the chinese government has resolutely launched struggles against splitting and " taiwan independence " because the chinese government can never sit by watching such activities that violate the fundamental interests of the entire chinese nation , including compatriots in taiwan , and seriously threaten peace in the taiwan strait .
jiang dianming said : people have noticed that our compatriots in taiwan have intensified their desire for peace , stability and development .
choosing " taiwan independence " means choosing war and undermining the principle of one china and will endanger the prospect of peaceful reunification .
we hope and believe the broad masses of compatriots in taiwan can see through the untruthful lies of politicians , who advocate " taiwan independence , " distinguish between right and wrong , and make their wise choice .
he said : people hope that taiwan 's next leader will practically make a response to the good will and concrete proposals put forward in the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " promote the development of cross - strait relations in a down - to - earth manner and protect the fundamental interests and safety of compatriots in taiwan in a better way .
shenyang , $date ( xinhua ) - - wei jianxing , standing committee member of the political bureau , member of the secretariat and secretary of the commission for discipline inspection of the cpc central committee , recently visited jinzhou city , liaoning province , on a tour of investigation and study on the " three stresses " education for local county ( city ) leading cadres .
after hearing briefings presented by the liaoning provincial party committee and the jinzhou city party committee , he immediately went to beining city where he was briefed by the beining city party committee on its preparations for starting the " three stresses " education . he also delivered an important speech to $number leading cadres at a meeting of the beining city on the " three stresses " education for leading cadres .
wei jianxing pointed out : the party central committee attaches great importance to making the " three stresses " education a success .
the leading groups and leading cadres at the county ( city ) level are working in the forefront of reform , development and stability and it is their important duty to carry out the party 's line , principles and policies at urban and rural grassroots units .
all the county ( city ) leading cadres should know the bearing of the on - going " three stresses " education on the destiny of our party and our country , fully understand its great significance , and actively plunge themselves into the " three stresses " education with a communist sense of political responsibility and revolutionary zeal . they should hold themselves extremely responsible to the party and to the people , do solid work in solving well any conspicuous problems concerning the party character and the party style , and strive to improve their own ideological and political quality . it is necessary to earnestly strengthen leadership to ensure complete success in accomplishing the task of conducting a high - quality " three stresses " education for county ( city ) leading cadres .
during his stay in jinzhou city , wei jianxing conducted an investigation and study on the work of improving the party style , building a clean and honest government and combating corruption .
he pointed out that $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection held at the beginning of the year was an important meeting held at an important historical time , the turn of the century ; comrade jiang zemin delivered an important speech on how to run the party strictly ; and in accordance with the demands set by the party central committee , the plenary meeting of the commission arranged the work of improving the party style , building a clean and honest government and combating corruption for the year $number .
wei jianxing emphasized : in his important speech , comrade jiang zemin , with a strategic view of promoting the new great project of party building , unequivocally put forward the various demands for running the party strictly . his speech will play an extremely important role in guiding the work of comprehensively stepping up party building in the new period .
the party organizations and the leading comrades at all levels must seriously study the speech , profoundly comprehend its spirit and use it as a motive force to strive to accomplish this year 's various tasks and to carry on thoroughly the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government and the anti - corruption struggle .
wei jianxing held a discussion with the township ( town ) leading cadres of beining city and listened to their views on how to improve the party style and promote ethical integrity in the leading groups of township ( town ) party committees and among township ( town ) leading cadres .
he fully affirmed the achievements made by beining city in promoting openness in village affairs and township ( town ) government affairs .
he pointed out : the township ( town ) leading cadres work at the forefront of production and have daily contact with the peasants . their ideological and political quality , work style , words and deeds have a direct bearing on the implementation of the party 's line , principles and policies in rural areas , on the reform , development and stability in rural areas , and on the relations between the party and the masses and between the cadres and the masses .
generally speaking , the great majority of township ( town ) leading cadres are good , diligent , honest in performing official duties and working hard regardless of criticism ; and they have made important contributions to the development of the various rural undertakings .
however , there are also a small number of cadres who have a wrong thinking , an improper work style and an insufficient awareness of the policies and the legal system , and whose working method is too simple . some of them even abuse their powers to seek private gains and violate the discipline and the law , yielding an adverse effect on the relations between the party and the masses and between the cadres and the masses .
for this reason , while we are focusing on improving the party style and the ethical integrity among the leading cadres at and above the county ( department ) level , we must also seriously solve the conspicuous problems existing among the grassroots cadres , particularly the township ( town ) leading cadres .
he called on the township ( town ) leading cadres to strictly exercise self - discipline , work diligently for the people , and make new contributions to building a new countryside .
during those inspection tours and meetings , he was accompanied separately by wen shizhen , secretary of the liaoning provincial party committee ; zhang guoguang , governor of liaoning province ; sun chunlan , deputy secretary of the provincial party committee ; and wang weizong and wang dongming , members of the standing committee of the provincial party committee .
the members of the central " three stresses " education coordination board [ zhong yang san jian jiao yu lian xi hui yi $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] were on his entourage during the inspection and were present at the meeting of the beining city on the " three stresses " education for leading cadres ; and so was wu lianyuan , deputy secretary of the work committee for organs under central committee .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in answering a question raised by a reporter here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refuted the accusation on the human rights situation in china made in the $number " human rights report " by the us state department .
a reporter asked : recently , the us state department issued the $number " human rights report . " do you have any comment on the part about china in the report ?
zhu bangzao answered : the chinese government has consistently respected the universal principles on human rights and actively worked to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedom of the people in line with the national conditions of china .
after long - term and unremitting efforts , the human rights and basic freedom enjoyed by the chinese people have been upgraded to an unprecedented historical level . this is a fact known to all .
there exist serious human rights violations in the united states , yet to date , such a situation of violations has not improved , but continues to deteriorate .
the us government has ignored this and has not said a word about it . however , it has issued the so - called " human rights reports " on other countries to willfully distort their human rights situation and make irresponsible remarks on the internal affairs of other countries . this is totally unreasonable and the united states has done this with ulterior motives . this is also a typical demonstration of double standards on the human rights issue .
to such an action of the united states , china expresses its strong displeasure and firm opposition [ qiang lie bu man he jian jue fan dui $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] .
it must be pointed out that the united states has , running counter to the historical trend , been bent on lodging once again a draft resolution concerning china at the un conference on human rights in geneva this year . it will inevitably end up in failure again .
we urge the united states to observe the basic principles governing international relations , correct its erroneous doings , and stop interfering in the internal affairs of other countries by using the so - called human rights issue .
chengdu , $date ( xinhua ) - - hu jintao , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice president of the state , recently stressed in sichuan : it is necessary to act according to the plans of the central authorities and to seize the rare opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region to push economic construction forward in every possible way ; it is essential to rely closely on the masses of people to maintain social stability while deepening reform and promoting development . efforts should be made to implement the principle of administering the party strictly and , above all , to do a good job in further building leading bodies at various levels in order to provide a strong guarantee for the trans - century development of sichuan .
according to the unified arrangements made by the central authorities , hu jintao came to shifang city on $date to make a study and investigation of conducting the " three stresses " education at the county ( or city ) level .
for several days in a row , he visited villages and enterprises to acquaint himself with the situation there ; he chatted cordially with grass - roots cadres and heard work briefings by the city party committee and government ; he also held a forum to listen to the opinions of retired veteran comrades .
on $date , hu jintao made a mobilization speech at a meeting on the " three stresses " education of leading cadres in shifang city .
he emphasized : conducting " three stresses " education at the county ( or city ) level is the focal point of such education for this year . we should proceed from the overall situation and a strategic point of view to understand the great significance of conducting this education and carry it out well with a strong sense of political responsibility and a sound mentality .
he then pointed out : shifang city has advanced in the van of the province in some work of economic and social development these years . in conducting the " three stresses " education , attention should be paid $number to overcoming " complacency and then to persisting in setting high and strict demands on oneself .
it is necessary to use the experiences of provinces and ministries in carrying out " three stresses " education as reference and to work creatively according to the realities of the city .
cadres should enhance their understanding through theoretical study , rely on the masses to carry out open - door rectification , and correctly make criticism and self - criticism ; they should persist in correcting mistakes while carrying out rectification , and practically solve salient problems existing in party spirit and the party 's work style in order to achieve the desired results .
accompanied by zhou yongkang , secretary of the sichuan provincial cpc committee , and zhang zhongwei , governor of the province , hu jintao inspected some towns and rural areas under the cities of deyang , mianyang , and chengdu $date , where he discussed reform and development programs with cadres and members of the masses .
while visiting the qingquan group in sichuan , an enterprise practicing the cooperative shares system , he learned of the beneficial results achieved by the enterprise by changing to the production of miscellaneous goods , such as curtain and clothes rods ; he gladly said : miscellaneous goods can also take over a big market .
when enterprises restructure themselves , they should strengthen their internal management and vigorously develop new products according to market demand ; by so doing , enterprises will be able to strengthen their competitiveness and to be fresh with new vitality .
at lingquan village under shifang city 's yuanshi town , hu jintao enthusiastically heard peasant li shugui 's briefing on how his family had become rich by raising chickens in a scientific way and spurred other people nearby to do the same .
hu jintao said to the cadres on the scene : this proves that when we help peasants enhance their awareness of the market , grasp and apply science and technology , and readjust the agricultural structure , they will be able to get into a position with broad prospects .
at chengdu 's pioneer garden set up by returned personnel who had studied abroad , hu jintao attentively acquainted himself with the situation in which such personnel had started undertakings ; he viewed the achievements on display and asked them what other assistance they still needed from the government .
he stressed once again : economic development cannot be made without science and technology , and new and high - tech industries cannot develop without talented people .
amid the large - scale development of the western region , all localities should pay close attention to talented people , try in every possible way to bring in such people , retain them , and provide a favorable environment and conditions for them to find their way to distinction and for promptly turning scientific and technological achievements into a productive force .
shortly before the end of his inspection , hu jintao heard the work briefings by the sichuan provincial cpc committee and the provincial government and made a speech .
after fully affirming the achievements and progress made by sichuan province these years , he called on comrades in sichaun to continuously hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , to conscientiously implement a series of plans made by the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , to seize the opportunity offered by carrying out the strategy for the large - scale development of the western region , to strengthen their confidence , to advance in a pioneering spirit , and to make concerted efforts to further bring about a new situation in sichuan 's reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
on seeing clearly , seizing , and taking advantage of opportunities and implementing the strategic plan for the large - scale development of the western region according to actual conditions , hu jintao pointed out : this is a major policy decision made by the party central committee in the face of the new century to carry out comrade deng xiaoping 's strategic concept of " two general situations " in the modernization of our country .
the whole party should fully understand the economic and political as well as the immediate and long - term significance of this policy decision .
it is necessary to persistently accelerate infrastructure construction as the foundation for development , to strengthen the protection of the ecological environment as the base for development , and to effectively readjust the industrial structure as the key to development ; efforts should be made to develop science , technology , and education and step up the training of qualified personnel as important conditions for development , to deepen reform and open wider to the outside world as a strong driving force for development , and to speed up the development of sichuan while carrying out the strategy for the large - scale development of the western region .
in conclusion , hu jintao pointed out : sichuan is now faced with a new situation and new opportunities in development , and leading bodies and leading cadres at various levels are also confronted with new , arduous tasks and rigorous tests .
general secretary jiang zemin stressed : to govern the country , we must $number administer the party , and in administering the party , we must do so strictly .
to administer the party strictly , it is necessary , above all , to effectively manage leading bodies and leading cadres .
we should profoundly grasp these remarks and conscientiously carry them out .
we should adhere to the ideological line of emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts and carry forward the spirit of reform , innovation , and forging ahead with keen determination ; we should adhere to the from - the - masses and to - the - masses line ; we should conscientiously implement democratic centralism and strengthen the unity of leading bodies ; and we should set strict demands on leading cadres and educate , manage , and supervise them strictly .
during the inspection tour , hu jintao called on leading cadres at or above the division level of the units of the army and the armed people 's force stationed in chengdu .
harbin , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number plenary session of $number heilongjiang provincial cppcc [ chinese people 's political consultative conference ] committee elected on $date ma guoliang as provincial cppcc committee chairman .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number national people 's congress [ npc ] and its standing committee have continuously strengthened the legislative work over the past year , with a total of $number draft laws examined and $number of them approved . the annual target of legislative work was thus achieved , and the endeavor of initially forming a socialist legal system with chinese characteristics during this term was moved forward .
the legislative work of $number npc and its standing committee over the past year had the following features : the legislative work was done in coordination with the state 's important policymaking on reform , development , and stability , aiming to ensure and enhance smooth development of the economic construction and all the social undertakings through the establishment and perfection of related law systems .
with the administrative reconsideration law being enacted , and , together with the existing administrative lawsuit law , the law on the state compensation , and the administrative supervision law , a supervision and restriction mechanism for the state 's administrative power was initially formed . the npc standing committee also stipulated the decision of banning heretic organizations and preventing and punishing heretic activities . this move was of great meaning in terms of safeguarding social stability .
the standing committee has also examined the draft legislation law .
another characteristic of the legislative work of the npc and its standing committee in the past year was the strengthening of law revision .
half of the draft laws examined and discussed by the npc and its standing committee in the past year were revisions of laws , including the individual income tax law , accounting law , highway law , criminal law , and company law .
in line with the needs continuously emerged from the course of development of reform , opening up , and modernization drive , the npc and its standing committee revised laws with good timing , thus making the laws better fit into the objective reality and play a stronger role in setting up norms for social life .
the other characteristic of the legislative work of the npc standing committee in the past year was to bring the explanations of laws into the agenda of the standing committee meetings .
besides explaining the regulations related to the basic law of the hong kong special administrative region , the npc standing committee also examined the draft explanation related to the criminal law .
explanation of law boosts the usability of law , which is advantageous to the safeguarding of the authority of law and the unification of legal systems .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - by introducing topics , the navy 's party committee has given full play to the leading role of scientific theory , integrated theoretical study with the concrete practice of navy building , and enabled all leading cadres above the army and division level to have achievements in theoretical research .
at the meeting to exchange experience in the navy 's theoretical research achievements held a few days ago , navy political commissar yang huaiqing , commander shi yunsheng , and five other standing committee members exchanged their research achievements .
during the theoretical study , the central study teams of the party committees at all levels of the navy elaborated the major realistic issues in the navy 's modernization program and preparations for military struggles to $number specific topics for study and practice . focused on these topics , they guided the reading , investigations , research , exchanges , and application of the leading cadres at all levels .
with chairman jiang zemin 's important expositions and the major policy decisions as the guide , the navy party committee shared the work among its standing committee members . through the activities of inspecting and guiding work at the grassroots units , going to sea on the vessels , working and living with the rank and file , and having heart - to - heart talks with them , the party committee introduced $number theoretical research topics , which included political building , military training , equipment scientific research , and logistics supply for navy building in the new period .
political commissar yang huaiqing 's paper entitled , " vigorously strengthening ideological and political building and ensuring the correct orientation of navy building , " commander shi yunsheng 's paper entitled , " seize the developing trend of the world 's military revolution and strengthen research and innovation in military theory and operation thinking , " and a number of other research achievements , served as a good guide and promoted the navy 's political work and scientific and technological training .
while introducing theoretical topics , the navy party committee focused attention on the new circumstances and problems encountered in army building as well as the new train of thought and countermeasures , and promptly commented and exchanged the research achievements .
the navy 's standing committee promptly reviewed the original records of the research presented by the central study teams of the party committees above army level and made comments on every single paper .
over the past year or so , the leading cadres above the navy 's division level presented $number theses in connection with the topic research , of which all were exchanged at the cadre theoretical study classes or in the study of the central teams of the party committees .
the move to introduce theoretical study topics and genuinely integrate theory with practice has vigorously promoted nnvy building in an all - round way .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number session of the standing committee of the national committee of $number chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) has adopted a decision on revising parts of the constitution of the cppcc .
the decision reads as follows : $number . the session decided to revise some formulations of the cppcc constitution in accordance with the amendment bill of the constitution of the people 's republic of china , which was adopted by $number session of $number national people 's congress in $date . $number .
the session decided to form a leading group for constitutional revision composed of ye xuanping , wang zhaoguo , ren jianxing , chen junsheng , zhang siqing , jing shuping , luo haocai , zhang kehui , zhou tienong , wang wenyuan , and zheng wantong , with ye xuangping acting as director and chen junsheng as deputy director . $number .
after being discussed and passed by the standing committee of $number cppcc national committee , the amendment bill ( draft ) of the cppcc constitution will be submitted to $number session of $number cppcc national committee for examination and approval .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number standing committee meeting of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] was held today in beijing .
the meeting was to prepare for the convocation of $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
the meeting has decided that $number session of $number cppcc national committee would open in beijing on $date .
li ruihuan , standing committee member of the central political bureau and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting .
ye xuanping , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , chaired the meeting this morning .
the meeting $number approved the agenda of the standing committee meeting ; the decision on convening $number session of $number cppcc national committee ; the decision on revising the regulations of the cppcc national committee ; and the decision on resuming making a report on the motions work at the opening meeting of the cppcc plenary session .
the standing committee meeting will last for three days , and will examine and approve the draft agenda and schedule of $number session of $number cppcc national committee ; the work report of $number cppcc national committee standing committee and the person to deliver the report ; the ( revised ) regulations of the cppcc national committee ; the report on the motions work since the conclusion of $number session of $number cppcc national committee and the person to make the report ; the ( revised ) regulations on motions of the cppcc national committee ; a list of new members for $number cppcc national committee ; a suggested list of to - be - elected standing committee members ; and some personnel reshuffling .
the meeting will also listen to the work reports made by special committees on their work $date ; examine the ( written ) reports of cppcc committee members on inspecting shaanxi , chongqing , yunnan , jiangxi , sichuan , guangdong , and hainan ; examine the report of chairman li ruihuan on visiting sri lanka , the maldives , and japan , and the ( written ) report of cppcc members on visiting the rok , australia , thailand , cambodia , russia , and other countries .
zheng wantong , secretary general of the cppcc national committee , explained at the meeting on the draft work report of the standing committee and the draft revision of the cppcc regulations . wang julu , deputy secretary general of the cppcc national committee , explained on the draft agenda and schedule of $number session of $number cppcc national committee . wang zhaoguo , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , made introductions of new members and the suggested list of to - be - elected standing committee members .
before the meeting began , attendees of the meeting expressed profound condolences to hou jie , a standing committee member who passed away after $number standing committee .
attending the meeting were vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , including yang rudai , ngapoi ngawang jigme , lu jiaxi , ren jianxin , song jian , li guixian , chen junsheng , zhang siqing , qian zhengying , sun fuling , henry fok ying - tung , zhu guangya , wang guoquan , hu qili , chen jinhua , zhao nanqi , mao zhiyong , bai lichen , luo haocai , zhang kehui , zhoou tienong , and wang wenyuan .
the cpc central work commission for enterprises [ cwce ] held a work conference in beijing today . zhu rongji , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , gave an important written instruction upon the convocation of the meeting .
wu bangguo , member of the political bureau of the cpc committee , vice premier of the state council , and secretary of the cwce , attended and spoke at the meeting .
zhu rongji pointed out in his written instruction given on $date : in line with the decision of the party central committee , we have made new readjustments to the work scope of the cwce on the basis of the former central work commission for large enterprises . today , the cwce is shouldered with more arduous tasks and heavier responsibilities .
we should resolutely carry out all the principles and policies formulated by the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core ; act in accordance with the requirements of the $number party congress and $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee ; make further studies of the new situations and new problems that have cropped up under the condition of a market economy in the building of leading bodies of enterprises , in the party building , in the ideological and political work , and in the supervision and management of state assets ; gradually build up effective operating mechanisms for the party work , and for the supervision work , in state enterprises which suit the requirements of the market economy and which enjoy chinese characteristics ; and strive to open up a new prospect in the reform and development of state enterprises .
the party central committee has placed high hopes on the cwce .
i hope that all of you can conscientiously fulfill your duties , stick to principles , improve work systems , remain clean and self - disciplined , and work hard to fulfill the glorious tasks entrusted by the party central committee with a highly developed sense of political responsibility and mission .
wu bangguo stressed in his speech : strengthening and improving the party 's leadership over state enterprises is an urgent requirement of the present situation in the reform and development of state enterprises , a realistic need for accelerating the reform and development of state enterprises , and an essential demand for building up a modern enterprise system with chinese characteristics .
therefore , we must comprehensively strengthen the building of party organizations in enterprises in terms of ideology , politics , organization , and system ; give full rein to the role played by party organizations in enterprises as a political core ; and ensure a smooth progress in the reform and development of enterprises .
zeng qinghong , alternate member of the political bureau , member of the secretariat , and head of the central organization department of the cpc central committee ; and wang zhongyu , state councilor and secretary general of the state council general office , also attended the meeting .
wu bangguo noted : under the leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core and thanks to the unremitting efforts of the whole party , the entire country , and the vast numbers of enterprise cadres and workers , the reform and development of state enterprises have attained remarkable results .
$number of all , state - owned and state - holding enterprises realized a total profit of $number yuan $date , up by $number percent on comparable items which represented the best level ever achieved $date when the contract system was put to an end and the system of tax distribution was introduced .
throughout the country , $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities have attained better economic results than they did last year .
the industries of textiles , building materials , and nonferrous metals have put an end to their losses ; a large increase has been registered in the economic efficiency of petrochemical , light , machinery , and electronic industries ; the military industry has begun to reduce its losses ; and the coal industry has also checked the trend of a further decline in economic returns .
secondly , the " decision " of $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee has further unified the thinking of the whole party .
state enterprises are making constant efforts to deepen their reform ; and have increased their work intensity and made new headway in promoting the restructuring of enterprises , cutting down the size of the workforce and enhancing economic efficiency , introducing the practices of merger and bankruptcy , and in turning debt to equity .
$number , we have stepped up the building of the country 's social security system ; and have met the basic needs of life of laid - off workers from state enterprises , ensured a scheduled and full - amount distribution of basic pensions for retirees from enterprises , and have basically stabilized the situation in the country 's industrial and communication sectors .
at the same time when we fully reaffirm our work results , we must also be clear that there still exist many difficulties and problems on our way ahead , and a number of deep - seated contradictions have already exposed in a concentrated way , wu bangguo pointed out .
at present , the work of transforming the mechanisms and readjusting the structure of state enterprises has entered its crucial stage .
in view of the new situation , the party central committee has decided to establish the cwce in order to further strengthen and improve the party 's leadership over state enterprises , and to readjust and reinforce the work organs and their responsibilities for the management of key state enterprises which are directly under the control of the central authorities . this is a major reform in the leadership structure and the management system of state enterprises , and also a major measure for our adherence to the principle that the party keeps control over cadres and for our efforts to improve our management methods ; and will surely give a great impetus to both the state enterprise reform and the country 's national economic growth . wu bangguo stressed : ours is a socialist country ; and the modern enterprise system we are currently building is not one in its general sense that can be found in countries practicing a market economy , but one with chinese characteristics .
$number , we should persist in bringing about an organic integration between the public ownership and the market economy ; $number , we should uphold the party 's leadership over state enterprises ; and $number , we should uphold the status of the working - class as the masters of the country .
giving full rein to the role played by party organizations as a political core in enterprises and building up a whole set of mechanisms and systems which suits the requirements of the enterprise reform and development and which is closely combined with the production and operation of enterprises is an inherent connotation of our establishment of a modern enterprise system with chinese characteristics .
strengthening and improving the party 's leadership over state enterprises and greatly mobilizing the enthusiasm of the vast numbers of cadres and masses is of a far - reaching significance to giving better play to the dominating role of the state - owned economy , to strengthening the ruling position of our party , and to consolidating the socialist system of our country .
wu bangguo put forward the following four requirements for the work of strengthening and improving the party 's leadership over state enterprises : (i) we should take further steps to improve the party building in state enterprises .
adhering to the party 's leadership and giving rein to the role played by party organizations in state enterprises as a political core is a major principle which we should uphold without wavering at any time .
party organizations in enterprises are required to conscientiously carry out the party 's basic line , center their work around the production and operation of enterprises , and provide services for the fulfillment of the party 's tasks and for the reform and development of enterprises .
we should constantly improve the work contents and the activity forms of party organizations in enterprises , and explore better ways and methods for giving play to their role as a political core .
we should establish and perfect the building of party organizations ; and set up work organs in a rational way in line with the principle of sound capability , high efficiency , and good coordination so as to strengthen the party building and the ideological and political work and to promote the reform and development of enterprises .
we should reinforce the ideological and political work in enterprises , and rely wholeheartedly on the masses of the workers for running well enterprises .
we should carry out an ideological and political education which is directed against the realistic problems of enterprises ; and arouse the enthusiasm of all workers and staff of an enterprise , including its workers , managers , and professional and technical personnel .
(ii) we should further strengthen the building of leading bodies in enterprises .
when selecting and promoting enterprise leaders , we must adhere to the party 's criteria for cadre , select and promote those cadres who have both ability and political integrity , uphold democratic centralism , and always stick to the mass line .
we should combine the principle that the party keep control over cadres with the legal right of the board of directors in selecting managers for enterprises , and with the legal right of enterprise managers in employing workers ; and change the past practice of selecting and promoting enterprise cadres by simply using the criteria designed for the selection and promotion of party and political cadres , as well as the past practice of keeping control over enterprise cadres by simply using the methods designed for the control of party and political cadres .
we should attach great importance to bringing up and promoting young cadres , and have the courage to entrust them with some heavy work of crucial importance , so that they can temper themselves and improve their work ability in practice .
we should assess and know well a number of reserve cadres who can be brought into leading bodies in the near future ; particularly , we should pay close attention to bringing up the directors , party secretaries , and managers of enterprises ; and maintain the quantity , quality , and vitality of the contingent of reserve cadres .
enterprise leaders are required to strictly measure themselves by the party 's criteria for cadres ; study hard marxism , mao zedong thought , and deng xiaoping theory in particular ; strive to study and master knowledge on the market economy , knowledge on modern science and technology , legal knowledge , and knowledge in other fields ; constantly enhance their political and professional qualities ; successfully combine good traditional experiences with modern concepts ; and steel and turn themselves into the managers of enterprises who can meet the needs of competitions under the conditions of the socialist market economy .
(iii) we should carry out the anti - corruption struggle in depth , further reinforcing the building of a sound party work style and a clean administration in state enterprises , and increase the intensity of investigation and prosecution of major and serious cases .
the building of a sound party work style and a clean administration in state enterprises should be closely combined with the work of investigating and handling major and serious cases , and should run through all management systems of an enterprise .
we should establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for major policy blunders ; practice a financial examination and approval system , a competitive bidding system for the procurement of materials , and an open tender system for projects ; actively introduce the system of opening factory affairs to the public ; and conscientiously implement relevant stipulations concerning the auditing of the economic responsibilities of state enterprise leaders both during and upon the completion of their tenure .
we should eradicate the conditions and the soil that breed and spread corruption , and guard against and eliminate corruption from its root .
(iv) we should perfect the supervision mechanism of state enterprises .
strengthening the effective supervision of state enterprises and ensuring that the value of state assets is preserved and increased is a major content of the establishment of a modern enterprise system , and also a realistic issue that we are facing today .
in line with the gist of $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee and in order to strengthen the state 's effective supervision over state assets in terms of system and mechanism , the party central committee and the state council have decided to effect a transition towards the system of the board of supervisors on the basis of summarizing the experiences gained from the work of accredited inspectors , .
the board of supervisors is responsible for supervising the financial and management activities of an enterprise , so as to guard state assets and their rights and interests from being infringed upon .
the present year is the final year for the fulfillment of the three - year target for the reform and the difficulty - relief work of state enterprises , stressed wu bangguo .
the fulfillment of this target is the essential among essentials in this year 's economic work .
the key state enterprises directly under the control of the central authorities are the vanguards of state enterprises , and a major pillar of the state economy .
the success or failure in the operation of key state enterprises will not only directly affect the fulfillment of the three - year phasic target ; but will also , from a long - term point of view , directly affect the progress of the socialist modernization building , and affect the ruling position of the party .
this is not just an economic issue , but a major political issue as well .
wu bangguo urged all localities , departments , and enterprises to conscientiously carry out the gist of the $number party congress , the " decision " of $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , and the central economic conference ; and strive to do a good job in all aspects of the reform and the difficulty - relief work of state enterprises with a new mental outlook and a new work approach .
firstly , enterprises should strive for new increases in their economic efficiency this year ; and see to it that their profit growth can synchronize with , and can stand at a higher level than , the growth in their industrial value added .
they should watch the market closely ; keep track of the movements of prices at all times ; conduct a careful analysis of their production and marketing situation , product stocks , and accounts receivable ; and make timely readjustments to their product mix and development concepts .
secondly , we should quicken the pace of structural readjustment and the restructuring of enterprises .
we should take resolute steps to reduce and eliminate a number of technically backward production capacities which have a high energy consumption and a low economic efficiency and which have caused serious environmental pollution ; and give priority to supporting the development of large enterprises and enterprise groups which have advanced equipment , well - marketable products , and a strong ability to develop new products .
we should center around " products , quality , and efficiency , " increase the intensity of technical transformation , accelerate the development of new products , and use high and new technologies to transform traditional industries .
key state enterprises should take an active part in the large - scale development of the country 's western region , and make due contribution to the development of the western region .
$number , we should take active steps to promote the building of a modern enterprise system .
we should , from the high plane of system innovation , find new and effective organizational forms for enterprise in the light of their realistic conditions .
it is important to standardize the policy - making procedure of enterprises , and enhance their level of making scientific policy decisions .
meanwhile , we should introduce a standardized corporate reform through such channels of listing enterprises on the stock market .
we should strengthen the scientific management of enterprises in real terms ; make persistent efforts to run enterprises strictly , and to enhance the inner strength of enterprises ; and pay close attention to the cost control , capital control , and quality control of enterprises .
$number , we should take earnest steps to ensure the stability of enterprises , and see to a successful fulfillment of the target of " two ensures . "
we should give full rein to the role of grass - roots party branches as a powerful fighting force , and to the exemplary vanguard role of party members .
leading cadres are required to set an example with their own conduct ; and take the initiative to show concern for , and to help resolve , the practical problems that are currently faced by workers living in straitened circumstances and by retired personnel .
wu bangguo also urged the cwce to work hard and turn itself into a work organ which is honest and diligent in performing its official duties , aims to attain tangible results with a high efficiency , and dares to forge ahead in a pioneering spirit ; and which is trusted by the central authorities and welcomed by enterprises .
the meeting was presided over by cwce deputy secretary zhen silin .
among those attending the meeting were cwce deputy secretaries sun shuyi , wang ruixiang , and zhao jiebing ; zhang hong , member of the cwce and secretary of the cpc discipline inspection work committee for central government organs ; accredited inspectors from the state council ; directors , party secretaries , and general managers of key state enterprises directly under the control of the central authorities ; and responsible comrades of relevant central organs .
hong kong , $date (zts) - one point that attracts the people 's attention most in the white paper on the taiwan issue released by the chinese government a few days ago is that if the taiwan authorities refuse indefinitely the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , then the chinese government will only be compelled to use force to realize the great cause of national reunification .
observers maintained that the white paper breaks up in a timely manner the taiwan authorities ' " taiwan independence " - inclined and " delaying and waiting - for - change " tactics , displays a warning to the major political figures participating in taiwan 's general election , and points out the orientations that these political figures should follow .
public opinion generally maintained : it stands to reason that the white paper was released prior to taiwan 's general election , which will be held in mid - $date this year .
as everyone knows , to affect taiwan 's political development orientation , the united states recently put forward the " taiwan security enhancement act " in an attempt to restore the military alliance of certain forms with taiwan through the expansion of arms sales and the military official training ; it was also inclined to include taiwan in the us theater missile defense system so as to place taiwan under the protective umbrella of the united states and japan .
encouraged by the united states , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] dished up the " two - state theory " in support of " taiwan independence " in a flagrant way and in an attempt to separate taiwan from china forever .
following beijing 's fierce criticism , the " two - state theory , " however , finds it difficult to go anywhere in the international arena , and lee teng - hui was forced to slightly restrain his " overt independence " activities .
however , he still firmly upholds the " two - state theory . " one of lee teng - hui 's trusted followers once said with confidence that communist china will have no excuse to use force if we do not include the " two - state " theory in the constitution or declare " taiwan independence . "
in the meantime , in the shadow of the " two - state theory , " the three major " presidential candidates " in taiwan all avoid mentioning " one china " and talking about the question of reunification between the two sides of the strait . some people play tricks by saying " no haste for unification " or " no haste for independence " with a view to selling the goods of " no unification and no independence " to pander to the us global strategy of intervention in china 's reunification .
under such circumstances , it is imperative for the chinese government to reiterate the " one - china " principle and the policy of " peaceful reunification , " to redefine the three prerequisites for using force for reunification , and to give a direct sharp warning to relevant figures in taiwan .
the three prerequisites for using force for national reunification , as redefined in the white paper , include the following : $number ) if any major incident of separating taiwan from china under any pretext takes place , $number ) if taiwan is occupied by foreign forces , and $number ) if the taiwan authorities refuse , indefinitely , the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , the chinese government will only then be forced to adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and fulfill the great cause of reunification .
one was " if there is any interference from outside forces " and the other was " if taiwan declares independence . "
in view of the changing situation , $number two prerequisites in the current white paper become more accurate by changing " if taiwan declares independence " into " if any major incident of separating taiwan from china takes place " and changing " if there is any interference from outside forces " into " if taiwan is occupied by foreign forces . "
only by so doing will it be possible to prevent the " taiwan independence " forces from playing tricks for wanton independence in the future and will it be easier to judge specific events and to decide whether or not forces should be deployed to protect taiwan .
since beijing released the white paper on beijing 's policy toward taiwan , the officials and people in taiwan have had strong reflections . the public in taiwan hold different points of view , and some analysts maintain that the white paper is aimed at " frightening lien chan , " " warning james soong [ sung ch 'u - yu ] , and " beating chen shui - bian [ ch 'en shui - pien . ] this kind of viewpoint is very shallow and shows no understanding of the theme of the white paper .
if one has a real understanding of the white paper , he should find that the theme of the white paper is still the " one china " principle and that beijing 's policy toward taiwan is still " peaceful reunification " and " one country , two systems . "
in $number percent of the entire pages , the white paper expounds that the " one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for " peaceful reunification " and refutes the fallacies of " two chinas , " " one china , one taiwan , " the " two - german - states formula , " and " split and separate rule . "
the words and phrases most related to the theme of the white paper are that after $date , the government of the prc becomes the only legal government of china as a whole , and the so - called " republic of china " concluded its historical position , thus admonishing the taiwan authorities and their future leaders not to indulge in any fantasy .
according to analyses by international observers , the chinese government aimed at releasing , through the white paper , the following information : $number ) hoping the people in taiwan not to elect under any circumstances a candidate who advocates " taiwan independence . " $number ) after assuming the office , the " newly elected president " must not delay , indefinitely , the negotiations on the reunification between the two sides of the strait.3 ) the taiwan authorities must not place excessive expectations on assistance from the united states , since the united states will not be able to launch a war with china only because of taiwan .
the people already noticed : in addition to telling taiwan that a " timetable has been made for national reunification on a certain day to come , " the chinese government released the severely worded white paper with a view to seriously warning the united states not to interfere in cross - strait affairs and to stop its arms sales to taiwan .
the chinese government clearly declares that " delaying the talks on reunification " is one of the prerequisites for use of force and puts forward a " timetable for reunification on a certain day to come " in an effort to forcefully break up the taiwan authorities ' " delaying and waiting - for - change " scheme , to deal blows to the us strategy of " no unification and no independence , " and to completely gain the initiative in settling the taiwan question .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number session of the standing committee of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] held its $number plenary meeting this afternoon to hear explanations on relevant draft reports and briefings on the work of various special committees .
li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting .
the meeting heard explanations by he guangyuan , chairman of the proposals handling committee of the cppcc national committee , on a draft report on the handling of proposals since $number session of $number cppcc national committee . it also heard briefings by chairman fang weizhong of the economic committee , vice chairman zhang qia of the population , resources , and environment committee , chairman liu zhongde of the education , science , culture , public health , and sports committee , chairman wang senhao of the social and legal affairs committee , vice chairman jin jian of the nationalities and religions committee , chairman zhu zuolin of the cultural and historical data committee , chairman zhu xun of the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese affairs committee , and chairman tian zengpei of the foreign affairs committee on the work of their respective committees $date .
it is reported that since $number session of $number cppcc national committee , members of the cppcc national committee from democratic parties , mass organizations , and various circles had put forward $number proposals , $number of which had been placed on file for handling after examining all of them .
members of the cppcc national committee who had participated in making such proposals numbered $number , accounting for $number percent of the total .
the central committees of eight democratic parties and the all - china association of industry and commerce made $number proposals , and subcommittees put forward $number .
as of $date , $number proposals had been handled , and replies given to their respective sponsors , accounting for $number percent of the total number of proposals made .
implemented or planned to be implemented were $number suggestions and proposals , making up $number percent of the total .
according to briefings , under the leadership of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee , various special committees have given priority to studying and investigating actual conditions and setting forth their views with the focus on the central tasks and striven to raise the level of their research on special topics .
in the past year , the cppcc national committee conducted investigations of $number special topics and come up with $number reports on such topics , and $number special suggestions and proposals were submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council , many of which were adopted .
taking the reform of state - owned enterprises as a key topic , the economic committee concentrated on investigation and study in this regard , successively came up with " several views on the establishment of a modern enterprise system in large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises " and " a proposal for the strategic readjustment of the layout of the state - owned economic sector , " and put forward important opinions for reference by $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee in discussing the questions about the reform and development of state - owned enterprises .
besides , the cultural and historical data committee and the foreign affairs committee have also done a lot of work within the limits of their functions .
chen junsheng , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , chaired the meeting .
beijing , $date - - ten departments and organizations , including the general office of the central guidance committee of spiritual civilization construction , ministry of civil affairs , ministry of public security , ministry of construction , ministry of culture , state administration of physical culture and sports , cyl central committee , all - china federation of women and china association for science and technology , recently held a teleconference on deeply launching activities of " stressing civilization and fostering new practices . "
the conference planned activities for " stressing civilization and fostering new practices " this year based on work arrangements made by the central guidance committee on ethical and cultural construction .
the conference held that activities of " stressing civilization and fostering new practices " personally championed by general secretary jiang zemin had achieved obvious results in resolving salient problems of decorum in words and deeds , environmental hygiene , quality of service and transport order , as well as in " showing warmth and concern " to workers laid off from state - owned enterprises , " protecting the ecological environment and promoting civilized new practices , " and other respects . with the energetic support of party committees , governments and relevant departments at various levels , they attracted active participation from various trades and professions and from the broad masses of the people , and produced quite a widespread impact on the community .
the conference pointed out : launching activities of " stressing civilization and fostering new practices " in depth is an urgent need for promoting reform and development and maintaining social stability . it is an urgent need for meeting the growing material and cultural needs of the people and forging closer ties between the party and the government on the one hand and the masses on the other . it is also necessary for implementing tasks of ideological and political work at the grassroots levels .
if the departments concerned can work in close cooperation , coordinate their actions and produce some tangible results in these activities , it will be conducive to promoting the solution of major and difficult issues that the masses feel very strongly about , thus making the effects of ideological and political work felt deep in the heart of the masses , improving the quality of the population as civilized people , and making the urban and rural areas more civilized .
under the new situation , it is necessary to conscientiously implement the important instructions of general secretary of jiang zemin , further improve our ideological understanding and work , and unfold the activities thoroughly , solidly and in a sustained way .
the conference decided that in this year 's activities of " stressing civilization and fostering new practices , " it is necessary to grasp activities of " promoting civilized new practices and making joint efforts to build beautiful homes " with the emphasis on community development while consolidating previous achievements and achieving higher standards .
the main tasks include beautifying the living environment , maintaining public order , enriching people 's cultural and sports life , disseminating scientific knowledge , promoting community service , and cementing closer interpersonal ties .
liu yunshan , executive deputy minister of the central propaganda department and director of the general office of the central guidance committee of spiritual civilization construction , pointed out in his speech : activities of " promoting civilized new practices and making joint efforts to build beautiful homes " must run through the main line of ideological and ethnical education . efforts must be made to improve education in the party 's basic theory , basic line and basic program , improve education in policies concerning the situation , the legal system and the maintenance of social stability , improve education on patriotism , collectivism and socialism , improve education in the spirit of plain living and hard struggle , improve education in marxist materialism and atheism , respecting science and eliminating superstition , and improve education in public mindedness , professional ethics and family values .
liu yunshan emphasized the need to grasp two key points in work . $number task is to develop community services .
residents should be organized and mobilized to give full scope to their strong points and superiorities and take an active part in community mutual - aid services . welfare services catering to the handicapped , the aged , disabled servicemen and family members of martyrs and servicemen , and people in distress in the community should be developed . further efforts should be made to improve the service of community property management departments , business outlets and other service bodies and to gradually explore ways of socializing and industrializing community service .
$number task is to enliven people 's cultural life .
efforts should be made to extensively launch a rich variety of cultural and sports activities and promotions of scientific knowledge that are convenient to the masses . the people should be guided to make conscious efforts to change their old customs and habits and foster healthy and civilized habits .
liu yunshan emphasized the need to do a good job in building three contingents .
$number is the contingent of community volunteer workers . community volunteer worker centers should be gradually established and perfected . their job is to mobilize the community to take an active part in volunteer activities .
$number is the contingent of cultural and sports instructors . cultural and sports activists among the masses should be given ideological education and vocational training , and the more outstanding ones should be selected to serve as instructors for community cultural and sports activities in order to gradually bring these activities onto the track of organized , standardized and healthy development .
$number is the contingent of popular science publicists . while fully bring into play the role of full - and part - time popular science workers , positive efforts should be made to organize retried scientific and technological workers and undergraduates into volunteer groups to disseminate scientific and technological knowledge in the community and give guidance in popular science promotions .
in the building of these contingents , special attention should be paid to bringing into play the role of retired party members , cadres , teachers and workers as well as old labor models in conducting ideological education .
finally , liu yunshan emphatically pointed out : in deeply launching activities of " stressing civilization and fostering new practices , " it is necessary to grasp well the following four issues : $number , full reliance on the masses .
centering round problems that the masses feel strongly about and urgently need to be resolved , care should be taken to design suitable carriers , extensively attract the involvement of the masses , and do more good and tangible things for the masses so that the masses can achieve real benefits .
$number , the proper building of positions .
garrison units should be encouraged to share their cultural and sports grounds and facilities with members of the public while stepping up the building of community facilities .
$number , persistence in making joint efforts to grasp problems and exercise management .
the role of relevant functional departments should be brought into full play and the enthusiasm of all quarters should be aroused in order to produce a combined force through their coordination and cooperation .
$number , increased media publicity .
efforts should be made to promptly report on the progress of activities , introduce advanced experience , and increase the intensity of media supervision .
responsible officials of the ministry of civil affairs , ministry of public security , ministry of construction , ministry of culture , ministry of health , state administration of physical culture and sports , cyl central committee , all - china federation of women , china association for science and other departments and organizations attended and spoke at the conference .
hu zhenmin , deputy director of the general office of the central guidance committee of spiritual civilization construction , chaired the conference .
the us state department publishes a " human rights report " annually .
it goes without saying that in this wide , wide world , every country has its particular problems and circumstances . if the united states wants to publish a " human rights report , " it should do so about its own domestic conditions .
what is strange about the us " human rights report " is that it is preceded by the word " global . " in other words , the united states wants to judge and criticize the human rights conditions of every other country in the world and even lecture and chide a given country for its human rights conditions .
this hegemonic behavior of posing as the " world 's human rights police " is not only an act of utmost disrespect for human rights but also a serious infringement on other countries ' sovereignty .
what has infuriated people is that in addition to continuing to criticize china for its human rights conditions , the united states cites falungong and other incidents as proof that china 's human rights conditions have " retrogressed " and " deteriorated " in the past year , threatening to present once again a motion to " condemn " china at this year 's un human rights commission in geneva . in addition , because of the us need to achieve its anti - china political goal , hong kong has surprisingly become the target of criticism and attack for its human rights conditions after the reversion . it is truly outrageous .
let 's not discuss for the moment whether the aforementioned accusations are true or false . even if they were true , they were something that fell within the category of the implementation of the " one country , two systems " between hong kong and its motherland . what does it have to do with the government of the united states , a country located on the other side of the ocean ? what right does the us state department have to criticize hong kong as if it were one of the us cities or states ?
more importantly , all those accusations by the us state department are pure fabrications and pure nonsense . on no account do they reflect hong kong 's real situation , where human rights and rule of law have been well protected since its reversion . those accusations can only show americans ' blind arrogance and ignorance .
regarding the request made to the npc to interpret the law , the overwhelming majority of hong kong people and foreigners who are truly concerned about hong kong have come to realize that had the sar government not promptly requested the npc to interpret the law , $number mainlanders would have rushed into hong kong , causing tremendous unbearable impact on hong kong 's basic human rights , including rights in the areas of housing , education , medical service , and social order . precisely as a result of the npc 's interpretation of the law , this kind of dangerous development was avoided , and the human rights of hong kong 's $number people are effectively protected and safeguarded .
regarding these groundless accusations , everyone in hong kong will be able to tell that they are absurd and untrue . undoubtedly , there is a sex industry in hong kong .
" snakeheads " also used hong kong to smuggle people from time to time . however , the sar government , including its police , immigration , and customs departments , has adopted the most severe means to crack down on these crimes . anyone found guilty of these crimes will be promptly arrested , imprisoned , or deported . in addition , the information is immediately sent to relevant countries and regions .
the $number people in hong kong will never allow hong kong to become a " smuggling center " or " crime paradise . "
in contrast , crimes have occurred frequently in the united states . women are being raped every minute . cases of shooting , robbery , and threats are occurring in the subway and street every minute . the united states is notorious as a " paradise of crime " as well as " paradise of democracy . "
- - in the early spring days of $date , all kinds of flowers and trees were showing their beauty and vitality in the southern city of shenzhen .
and , $number spring of the new millennium was especially warm and invigorating to shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries .
from $date , jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , president of china and chairman of the central military commission , inspected five high - tech enterprises in shenzhen : the zhongxing communications company , ltd . ; the kaifa science and technology company , ltd . ; the huawei technology company , ltd . ; the fujin precision industry company , ltd . , of shenzhen 's fushikang enterprise group ; and the saige hitachi color display company , ltd .
the general secretary 's caring attitude , sincere teachings , and warm encouragement greatly encouraged and stimulated shenzhen and shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries .
on the morning of the $number , there were blooming flowers and flying colored flags at the headquarters of zhongxing communications ; and the huge banner , emblazoned with the words of " zhongxing communications , thriving china , " was particularly eye - catching on the side of the building .
at exactly $time , general secretary jiang , accompanied by provincial and municipal leaders , walked to $number - floor exhibition hall of the central building of the shenzhen municipal science and technology zone with robust strides .
in front of the zhongxing communications stall , the general secretary had his attention attracted by a conference television system developed and produced by the company . he carefully examined the product and inquired about development , production , and market in a detailed manner . the general secretary smiled approvingly upon hearing that the product had filled a domestic void , reached advanced international standards , broken similar foreign products ' monopoly in china , and been exported to five countries , including kenya .
at that moment , vice president fang rong of the company and young scientific and technological workers of the video communication department , who were in the company headquarters ' multimedia conference room $number km away , sent greetings to general secretary jiang in unison through a conference television system : " general secretary jiang , we wish you good health and happy spring days ! "
with smiles on his face , general secretary jiang cordially said to the microphone : " how are you , comrades !
thank you all ! "
the accompanying mayor of shenzhen , li zibin , mentioned : " this came from the company headquarters $number km away . "
upon learning this , general secretary jiang nodded his head to show his appreciation .
at around $time am , general secretary jiang came to the company headquarters seated in the liantang industry zone . a hundred or so employees , who were waiting at the gate , applauded warmly . president hou weigui of the company quickly walked over and said what the people of the entire city were thinking : " by coming here to inspect work , general secretary jiang has given us the highest honor and the greatest encouragement . "
after inquiring about the enterprise 's operation and management in a detailed manner , general secretary jiang expressed his support for the company 's proposal to conduct stock futures pilot projects within the enterprise .
there is , hou weigui reported , fierce competition for qualified personnel , the principal resource for a high - tech enterprise , without which we would have nothing , and consequently the greatest challenge presented by china 's joining of the wto to us will be competition for qualified personnel .
by giving high - tech personnel some stock futures on the basis of using current international practices of futures , it will be possible to gather and constrain qualified personnel ; and therefore we hope to carry out futures pilot projects as soon as possible and to achieve improvement in the process of carrying out the pilot projects .
it is also necessary , general secretary jiang said , to make large numbers of qualified personnel feel a sense of honor for returning from abroad , and therefore it is necessary to enhance education on patriotism , so as to make everyone love his native town and this country .
in the process of inspection , general secretary jiang showed deep caring toward scientific and technological personnel . everywhere , he issued warm greetings to scientific and technological personnel , and inquired about their living and working conditions in a detailed manner .
at the kaifa science and technology company , ltd . , a company leader said , pointing to two tall and pretty dormitory buildings for single people , that employees were provided with air conditioning , television , and entertainment rooms . you have emphasized enterprise management , qualified personnel , and taking care of employees , and this is a good practice , general secretary jiang said . high - and new - technology enterprises depend on high - tech personnel , and qualified personnel are the key , he admonished while turning toward accompanying provincial , municipal , and company leaders .
on his way to inspection spots , general secretary jiang mentioned to accompanying leaders that those engaged in processing and assembling were also working in high - tech areas and should , according to personnel requirements different from the past , also be " high - tech " workers .
in front of the zhongxing communications company 's mobile communication stall , general secretary jiang picked up a zhongxing $number dual - band mobile telephone characterized by autonomous intellectual property rights ; he examined the telephone carefully and inquired about its performance and structure in a detailed manner .
general secretary jiang said : " as the development of mobile telephones is rather rapid , it is necessary to master core technologies such as chip technology as soon as possible . "
arriving at the integrated circuit stall , general secretary jiang picked up a special $number - millimeter integrated circuit chip developed by the company independently , carefully examined the chip , and inquired about its sale and prices on markets at home and abroad in a detailed manner .
president hou weigui of the company said : " the cost of producing a sdh single board on the basis of using the chip developed by ourselves is less than $ $number , but the cost will reach more than $ $number if an imported chip is used .
by mastering the development and designing of chips , we will be able to cut costs significantly . "
general secretary jiang nodded his head and smiled approvingly .
during the inspection , general secretary jiang paid particular attention to products over which enterprises had autonomous intellectual property rights , showed great concern for the development of core technologies , and endorsed the development of domestic science and technology industries .
at the haifa science and technology company , ltd . , general secretary jiang stood for quite some time in front of a magnetic - head hga automated spot - gluing machine developed by the company independently . vice president wang zhirong of the company said that the company not only had patents over the equipment , but had also exported the equipment to the united states .
this machine of yours , general secretary jiang said very happily , is a robot , and it is wonderful that you have been able to export automated equipment designed by yourselves .
at the huawei technology company , ltd . , base in tian , general secretary jiang excitedly viewed a modernized production line based on equipment characterized by autonomous intellectual property rights .
upon hearing huawei 's establishment of an independent core technology system for research on focusing communication networks and huawei 's success in reaching world advanced standards in the area of core communication networks , general secretary jiang smiled approvingly and affirmed shenzhen 's contribution to the development of communications in our country .
after being told that optical - fiber switch - in networks can , through optical fibers , providing audio , cable television , and data communication services simultaneously and that huawei 's equipment of an outdoor model had been exported and used in desert areas , general secretary jiang said that if the equipment could be used in desert areas , then it should be feasible to use it in rural areas , a prospect which could greatly reduce the communication gap between the urban and rural areas .
chairman zeng peiyan of the state planning commission mentioned that our country was now proceeding with the transformation of rural power grids .
general secretary jiang said happily that with new equipment and electricity the rural areas would be able to watch television and use telephone .
after entering into the modern electronic home office demonstration area , general secretary jiang happily invited accompanying provincial and municipal leaders to sit down .
upon seeing the newly built $number - phase factory buildings and employee dormitories immediately after getting off the car , general secretary jiang cordially shook hands with wang zhihe and wang zhirong , chairman and vice chairman of the board of directors of the company , and said happily : " kaifa science and technology has developed rapidly , and now you have replaced your " hunting rifles with artillery . "
kaifa science and technology was established with general secretary jiang 's direct approval .
when it was established $date , the precedent of giving shares for foreign personnel 's invisible assets caused some controversy . eventually , it was established with the personal approval by general secretary jiang , who was then minister of the electronics ministry .
general secretary jiang inspected the company $date and $number .
the company 's sales , wang zhirong reported , totaled less than $number yuan $date but reached $number yuan $date , and now the company 's assets total $number yuan rmb , with last year 's sales revenues and net profits representing increases of $number percent and $number percent , respectively , $number .
after hearing the report , general secretary jiang approvingly nodded his head to show his appreciation for the company 's rapid development .
the growth of kaifa science and technology illustrated the development of shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries in microcosm .
during the inspection , general secretary jiang was especially happy to see how shenzhen had achieved strategic adjustments of the economic structure through scientific and technological progress .
at zhongxing communications , hou weigui reported to the general secretary on the company 's ownership reform , operational and management reform , and internationalization development since the company 's inception in a detailed manner .
general secretary jiang approvingly nodded his head and issued praises upon learning that the company had developed from a $number - yuan small enterprise into a company of $number yuan in total assets , with its annual sales totaling $number yuan , that the company proceeded on the basis of continual innovation and had $number research personnel , that the company had built six technology centers in such domestic places as beijing , shanghai , and nanjing and had established research institutes in the silicon valley and new jersey of the united states and the republic of korea , and that the company had made $number patent applications .
at $number am on the $number , general secretary jiang came to the taiwan - invested fushikang enterprise group at longhua township , baoan district . he made a drive - through inspection of the fushikang $number - century information science , technology , and industry park which occupied $number square km of land .
general secretary jiang was very happy to see flowers everywhere , large numbers of trees , the orderly production areas , and the quiet and comfortable living areas in the park .
this enterprise , established $date through investment , mainly produced computer accessory products . the company had had sales totaling approximately $ $number last year , had assets totaling over $ $number in shenzhen , and had $number personnel . while listening to the reporting , general secretary jiang inspected the fushikang fujin precision industry company , ltd . , watching a designing demonstration at the mold designing center and cordially shaking hands with technical personnel to deliver his greetings .
you made an investment on the mainland $date , and the development of the past $number years and more has proven that you were far - sighted , general secretary jiang told the responsible official of the enterprise in an appreciative tone .
he encouraged fushikang to further expand the investment in shenzhen . if there is an investment project and plan , it is necessary to diligently pursue implementation , he said .
the spring wind is making waves , and $number boats are engaged in a race .
with general secretary jiang 's caring and support , shenzhen will work hard to catch up with advanced currents of scientific and technological development of the world by vigorously relying on scientific and technological innovation and system innovation ; shenzhen will , according to the spirit of the instruction of " creating new strong points and moving to a higher level , " seek to be $number to achieve socialist modernization , so as to make greater contributions to the building of socialism with chinese characteristics .
but the propaganda department has warned some of these providers for carrying foreign media reports .
the press and publications administration recently published another list of publications that have been suspended for violating relevant regulations . internet chinese hotmail [ wangluo zhongwen rexun $number $number $number $number $number $number ] , a privately - run internet content provider in guangzhou , was recently warned by relevant departments in guangdong province .
the authorities said that it relayed last year some reports from the media in hong kong , taiwan , and overseas .
but recently it has been " warned " by relevant departments for some particular cases . the company said : it will not completely stop using foreign media reports . but when relaying foreign media reports , it will focus on international news and amusement news . it will pay particular attention to relaying news about current domestic affairs .
these publications include magazines of theoretic circle in beijing such as " method " and " strategy and management " [ zhan lue yu guan li $number $number $number $number $number ] .
" method " magazine was suspended for $number months . this magazine , which is sponsored by the china association for science and technology , was accused of carrying some articles that are not in line with the requirements and deviated from the purpose of the magazine . as for " strategy and management , " it has made even more serious mistakes .
the world trade organization [ wto ] is the only multilateral trade organization in the world ; at present $number countries and regions are members .
what in fact are the pros and cons and gains and losses for china in joining the wto ?
how should we gain a correct understanding of the issue ?
how can we reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls ? $number .
the pros and cons and gains and losses in wto accession joining the wto is an inherent demand of deepening the reforms , expanding our opening up to the world , and building socialist market economy in china , and the demand of our economic development .
there are both pros and cons for china 's economic development in joining the wto as a developing country , but generally speaking , the pros outweigh the cons .
it is beneficial for further expanding exports and bringing in foreign investment .
after joining the wto , china will enjoy the most favored nation treatment of a wto member .
this means that we will not only enjoy the advantages of the open markets of other countries and regions , with the result that the major trading countries will gradually abolish their discriminatory methods against us , but will also gain more favorable competitive conditions for our products , which can thus promote the development of china 's import and export trade and especially the exports of china 's strong - point industries .
after joining the wto , china must carry out its obligations under wto rules and gradually open its domestic market ; this will further improve the investment environment for foreign companies and strengthen the attraction of our market for those companies , and this will help to bring in more foreign capital , technology , and management experience .
it will benefit the effort to speed up our industrial restructuring and optimization .
industrial restructuring and optimization is an important and urgent task in our economic development .
wto accession will create a favorable international environment for carrying out this strategic task .
with the other wto members opening their markets to us , we can move elsewhere certain products and industries that are in oversupply ; and by opening up our markets to other members , we can use foreign funds and technology to revamp our traditional industries , speed up the development of hi - tech industries and service trades , and enhance the overall level of development of china 's industry .
it will benefit us in continuing to deepen the reforms of china 's economic setup .
wto rules are in essence an application and development of market economy rules in a worldwide scale .
the goal of reforming our economic setup is to build a socialist market economy setup , and its basic demand is to fully exploit the market competition mechanism .
at the same time , it will spur the reforms in state - owned enterprises and build a modern enterprise system , and it will spur the reforms in foreign trade , banking , insurance , securities , commerce and so on , so as to meet the demand for gradually opening up these fields .
it will benefit china in participating in drawing up new rules for international trade , preserving china 's legitimate interests , and enhancing our international status .
as a permanent member of the un security council and a member of the world bank and imf , by joining the wto and participating in drawing up multilateral trade rules , we can fully express and reflect the views and demands of ourselves and the developing countries , further play our part in international economic affairs , and enhance china 's international status .
at the same time , china can also use the mechanism for resolving multilateral disputes to reduce head - on friction and conflict with other countries , and effectively uphold china 's legitimate interests .
it will benefit china in participating in the process of economic globalization .
economic globalization is the inevitable tide of history , and it poses both opportunities and also severe challenges for the developing countries .
in order to suit the new situation of economic globalization , we need to seek the guarantee of a stable , transparent , and predictable multilateral trade mechanism , so that we can do still better at reaping the benefits and avoiding the pitfalls and protect and strengthen ourselves in the process of economic globalization .
in joining the wto , china and the other members must strictly act in accordance with the international rules and mutually open up the markets .
this will benefit china in fully participating in international competition and cooperation and in fully exploiting our relative strong points .
at the same time , joining the wto will also benefit china in engaging in broad cooperation with multinational companies , in importing their funds , technology , and management experience , and in using their sales channels and networks to expand our exports .
wto accession will also benefit the building of china 's own multinational companies which can go abroad to build factories and run enterprises in other countries , and enhance china 's international competitiveness .
of course , in joining the wto , we will both enjoy the legitimate rights and also undertake corresponding obligations , which will inevitably pose a certain degree of pressure and challenge for us .
$number of all , further opening up markets will cause certain products , enterprises , and industries to face intense competition .
in opening up our market in the past , china made its own decisions on permitting market entry , reducing tariffs , and abolishing nontariff measures in accordance with the demands of economic development and the process of economic system reforms .
after joining the wto , china must abide by the wto rules on opening up markets , which will put some pressure on the speed and measures of opening up our market .
as permitted entry into the market expands , and tariffs are reduced and nontariff measures abolished , foreign products , services , and investment may enter our market on a larger scale ; as a result , our domestic enterprises will face more intense competition , and in particular , enterprises with high production costs , low level of technology , and backward management will face still more severe challenges .
$number , china 's foreign economic cooperation and trade management will be constrained by wto rules to a certain degree .
china 's existing laws , rules , and policies regarding external economic work do not fully comply with the provisions in the wto rules ; although this is also an important task for china in deepening the reforms of foreign economic cooperation and trade management , there are at present many unsuitable aspects in our concepts and setup , and there are also quite big shortcomings in the work of government organs and enterprise management staff .
$number , the adjudication in resolving multilateral disputes may have unfavorable consequences for us .
the wto 's multilateral dispute resolution mechanism is a two - edged sword ; the results are beneficial if it is used in our favor , but damaging if it is not .
since china 's market economy awaits perfecting , some of our policy regulations and enterprise practices are out of line with the wto regulations ; and in addition we lack sufficient understanding and experience of the wto rules , so even if we put in quite a lot of manpower and material , we may still " come off worst " in the wto 's dispute solution mechanism . $number .
take a dialectical view of the pros and cons and gains and losses how should we view the pros and cons and gains and losses in china 's wto accession ?
we must view this problem in an all - round , developmental , and dialectical way ; we must stand at the overall and strategic level of reform , opening up , economic development , and modernization to analyze the pros and cons and gains and losses of china 's wto accession .
we must look at single industries and the whole of industry ; we must look at the present and also at the long term .
in analyzing the pros and cons and gains and losses of china 's wto accession , we cannot just look at one or a few industries but should focus on our entire economic development .
looking from the angle of single industries , wto accession may bring development opportunities for certain relatively strong - point industries , such as fruit , meat , and vegetables in agriculture ; ordinary electrical and machine products , light industry products , textiles , and consumer electronics products in industry ; and construction and tourism in service trades ; all these will gain a greater share of the international market .
wto accession , however , will also hit and pressurize some domestic industries to a certain extent , such as grain in agriculture , the automobile industry , and banking and insurance in the service trades ; all these will face competition pressure from the developed countries .
from the angle of industry as a whole , wto accession will bring china 's industry more opportunities than blows , and the majority of our industries will gain more development opportunities .
wto accession is not only of positive significance for economic growth in the short term but will also have a far - reaching impact on economic development in the long term .
looking at the short term , wto accession can expand our exports of textiles and machinery and electrical goods , which are relative strong points , and attract more foreign investment , especially from multinational companies , thus benefiting economic growth and expansion of employment ; although wto accession will temporarily exert some competition pressure on certain industries that lack relative strong points , and even deal some blows at them , so long as we deal with the problem in proper fashion , these industries too can pursue development amid competition .
viewing the long term , wto accession will have a positive impact on reforming our economic setup , restructuring industry , strengthening our international competitiveness , and enhancing our international status .
we must also take a dialectical view of the pros and cons and gains and losses in joining the wto .
if we make good use of the rights that the wto confers on us , we can further expand exports , attract more foreign investment , better protect and support our domestic products and industries , and deal more effectively with the trade discrimination practiced by certain countries ; if we do not make good use of these rights , it will be difficult to fully gain these interests , and some may even be lost .
similarly , if , in carrying out our obligations under wto rules , we convert pressure into motive force , continually raise the level of production technology and management in the enterprises , enhance product quality and grades , and further strengthen our international competitiveness , we can reduce the losses and increase the gains and change cons into pros . $number .
meet the challenges , promote the prose and eliminate the cons wto accession is both an opportunity and a challenge for china , and we must seize the opportunity and meet the challenge .
we must actively promote the two fundamental changes in economic setup and economic growth pattern , promote the reform of building a socialist market economy setup , speed up industrial restructuring , and strive to improve the overall quality of the national economy .
this is an important guarantee for boosting our all - round national strength and international competitiveness , and is also the fundamental way for china to promote the pros and eliminate the cons in participating in a multilateral trade setup and reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls .
we must unify our thinking , take precautions against a rainy day , work hard , and do a good job of making full preparations in all respects .
enhance understanding and unify thinking .
wto accession is a major event in the process of china 's reform , opening up , and modernization , which will have a far - reaching impact on our economic development in the new century .
all levels in the country , especially the cadres at all levels , must fully understand the strategic significance of joining the wto , and be mentally prepared for the pressure and challenges that it may bring .
we must organically integrate joining the wto with building a socialist market economy setup and promoting economic development , and make all - round considerations and unified plans .
take positive measures to hold the initiative in meeting the challenges .
all trades and sectors must study and propose targeted and practical measures in light of the wto demands and our commitments , so as to meet the wto pressure and challenges .
$number of all , we must provide rational protection and support for agriculture .
in accordance with the provisions of the wto " accord on agricultural produce , " we should rationally protect our domestic agricultural production and guard against and lighten the blows from agricultural imports .
we should restructure agricultural production , optimize resource allocation , speed up the progress of agricultural science and technology , and increase the proportion of renowned , specialty , high - quality , and rare agricultural produce , to enhance china 's international competitiveness in agricultural produce .
we must speed up the establishment of a complete agricultural produce quality standards setup , perfect the plant and animal disease prevention standards , and strengthen the monitoring and inspection of diseases in china and abroad .
$number , we must strive to enhance the international competitiveness of our industrial enterprises .
we must deepen the enterprise reforms , and build an enterprise management system and operational mechanism that meet the demands of socialist market economy , so that the enterprises will become legal entities and main players in market competition , making their own decisions on operations and taking responsibility for their own profit and loss .
we should speed up the strategic reorganization of the enterprises , form a rational economic scale , and develop a number of powerful large enterprises and consortia .
we must strengthen management , adopt modern management technique , methods , and measures , and strengthen production cost , fund , and quality controls .
at the same time , we must make rational use of the trade remedial measures permitted by the wto , such as emergency import guarantee measures and antidumping measures , to ensure the healthy and steady development of industries related to china 's economic security and major interests .
$number , open up the services market in a measured way .
in accordance with our commitments on joining the wto , we should selectively and gradually expand the opening to the outside world of our service sectors such as telecommunications , banking , securities , insurance , and commerce , actively promote reform of the management setup of the service trades , improve management , improve services , and enhance the competitiveness of these trades .
at the same time , in accordance with chinese law , we must strictly enforce the examination and approval system and strengthen supervision and control of the service trades .
$number , strengthen the control of cultural products .
we must enhance the building of rules and regulations related to cultural products , improve and perfect controls of the sector , expand cultural exchanges and cooperation with foreign countries , actively publicize china 's outstanding culture to the outside world , and welcome outstanding cultural foreign cultural products into china .
at the same time , we must strictly enforce examination and approval of the import of foreign cultural products , to prevent the intrusion of unhealthy culture .
we must vigorously develop cultural undertakings in china , make outstanding national culture prosper , enrich the masses ' spiritual life , act in accordance with economic laws , and enhance the market competitiveness of chinese cultural products .
change concepts and mechanisms .
many of the contents of the wto behavior regulations and its operational mechanisms are new to us , and we can only meet the wto 's demands by changing our concepts and mechanisms .
the government at all levels , the departments concerned , and enterprises of all types , especially state - owned enterprises , must replace their traditional planned economy concept with the market economy concept , observe market rules , stress commercial reputation , and resolutely eliminate the concepts of seeking administrative protection and pursuing monopoly rights .
we must establish as soon as possible a government operational mechanism and enterprise operational mechanism that suits the demands of the wto mechanism and also the characteristics of socialist market economy ; in particular , we must set up an effective incentive mechanism and a strict constraint mechanism in the aspects of personnel and labor management , wage income distribution , the circulation of key elements of production , and so on .
step up legislation and strictly enforce the law .
governing the country according to law is the basic principle for the party in leading the people to govern the country .
we must regard wto accession as a fine opportunity to augment , readjust , and perfect china 's existing laws , regulations , and policies related to external economic work , speed up the effort to build and put on a sound basis the legal system of our economic and trade laws , and make full use of the means of law to protect our legitimate interests .
we must ensure that there are laws to follow , that those who violate them are prosecuted , and that laws are strictly enforced , and comprehensively raise the level of law enforcement .
in short , we must be good at using the means of law to uphold our initiative in the process of opening up to the world , and enhance our self - protection and self - development ability .
cultivate specialized talent for the wto , and master the international regulations .
we must speed up the training of a number of specialized talented personnel who are familiar with china 's national condition , who have a good command of foreign languages , plenty of specialized knowledge , and who understand wto regulations and international economic laws , to master and apply basic wto knowledge and regulations , effectively participate in drawing up international trade regulations , and make full use of the multilateral regulations and international conventions to develop our foreign trade and preserve our legitimate interests .
at the same time we must vigorously train domestic enterprise managers , to ensure that they will become familiar with international trade regulations as soon as possible and enhance their ability to develop the international market .
the government at all levels and the departments concerned must adapt to the new situation on wto accession ; in accordance with the demands of the socialist market economy setup , they must actively change government functions , alter their management methods , vigorously promote the separation of government from enterprises , reduce direct administrative interference , improve their work style , strengthen the government 's consciousness of service , streamline office administrative procedures , and comprehensively improve work efficiency and management standards .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - in the spring plowing and sowing season this year , the chinese government has lowered the production targets for grain , cotton , and other agricultural products for $number time ; at the same time , it has also announced a series of measures to make an all - round strategic readjustment of the rural economic structure .
observers here believe that this marks the end of the age of china 's going after agricultural production growth with a view to solving the problem of food and clothing and the beginning of a new phase in the development of a modern rural economy .
observers point out : the essential difference between the readjustment to be made now and that in the past lies in the fact that a market - oriented strategy for the current readjustment has been clearly set forth .
the requirements for the current readjustment are set in the background of a relative surplus of agricultural products and increasing market limitations .
the central problems to be solved are to make the production of farm produce meet market demand , improve the quality and efficiency of the rural economy as a whole , increase peasants ' incomes , and expand domestic demand .
economists believe that since the people no longer worry about the problem of food , china has the conditions for the radical reform of the rural economic structure .
in $date , the chinese government concentrated its resources on the development of grain production in order to solve the problem of food for the people . in $date , china developed agriculture , forestry , animal husbandry , sideline production , and fisheries in an all - round way according to the principle of " never relaxing our efforts at grain production and vigorously developing a diversified economy . "
china set the requirements for the development of high - yield , good - quality , and high - efficiency agriculture $date .
from $number , china reaped good harvests year after year , with annual grain output remaining at the high level of $number tonnes and the output of cotton and other major agricultural products at the highest levels .
meanwhile , people who generally live a relatively comfortable life are no longer satisfied only with enough to eat and enough to wear , and they now make higher demands on the quality of agricultural products .
because a considerable part of agricultural products are not of good quality , there is scant demand for such products ; it is hard to export them , and their prices have continued to drop ; as a result , peasants ' incomes have increased slowly .
as china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] is approaching , china has for $number time felt the pressure of the international market agriculturally .
in this situation , the chinese government has adjusted its strategy in a timely manner .
as an important measure for structural readjustment , the chinese government has canceled the protective prices of poor - quality - seed grain , such as southern early rice and northern spring wheat , encouraged the production of marketable , good - quality - seed produce , and increased the purchase - price difference according to quality .
at the same time , it is necessary to invest more in science and technology , to develop deep processing of agricultural products , and to turn scientific and technological achievements into a productive force to achieve added value .
to solve the problem of surplus labor in rural areas , the government advocates making vigorous efforts to develop village and town enterprises as well as small cities and towns .
economists believe that this is conducive not only to the diversion of rural surplus labor and an increase in peasants ' incomes but also to bringing about the growth of demand for investment and consumption and promoting the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
structural readjustment does not imply that china will relax its efforts in grain production .
experts forecast that china 's population will increase to $number in the next $number years and that it will need to increase its grain production by $number percent if per capital annual consumption of grain is $number kilograms .
the chinese government is fully aware of this .
therefore , the chinese government has required all localities to do everything possible to maintain their grain - producing ability in order to meet any possible emergency when necessary .
meanwhile , it is essential to take advantage of the opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region to return grain fields to forest and to carry out ecological construction with the stress on tree and grass planting as well as on soil and water conservation in order to ensure the sustainable development of the rural economy .
economists point out : as the readjustment this time is based on the long - term development of the rural economy and the development of the national economy as a whole and the measures that have been taken conform to the trends of economic globalization and trade liberalization , substantive changes will take place in china 's rural economy in the near future .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - to rapidly and correctly investigate cases of dereliction of duty , we need the vigorous cooperation and close coordination of all departments concerned .
recently the supreme people 's procuratorate , the ministry of public security , the ministry of land and natural resources , the general administration of customs , the state administration of taxation , the state administration of environmental protection , the state administration for industry and commerce , the state forestry bureau , the state bureau of quality and technical supervision , and the state bureau of secrecy jointly signed the " opinions on strengthening coordination in dealing with cases on dereliction of duty and building the system of transferring cases to departments concerned . "
the " opinions " which have been issued to all localities for implementation stress that in investigating and handling cases of dereliction of duty which involve state functionaries , all departments concerned should promptly exchange information , jointly study the problems , and make earnest efforts to strengthen contacts , coordination and cooperation .
the " opinions " call on public security organs to send to the procuratorial organs , if discovered , those personnel in their own departments who violate the relevant articles in chapter nine of the prc criminal law and are suspected of the crime of dereliction of duty . the procuratorial organs should promptly investigate all cases which have been transferred to them by the public security organs and determine whether the cases should be filed for a record . the procuratorial organs should notify the relevant department of the cases on dereliction of duty reported by the masses or discovered by themselves .
as for the cases which criminal liabilities are not required but the persons involved need to be held accountable in line with party discipline and administrative discipline , the procuratorial organs should give suggestions and transfer them to relevant departments in accordance with their power limits for managing cadres . after receiving the procuratorial suggestions and opinions proposed by the procuratorial organ , the unit where the case happened should handle the cases conscientiously and report the case handling situation back to the procuratorial organ .
the signatory units unanimously held that the signing of the " opinions " and their issuance for implementation to the lower level will play a positive role in promptly and correctly investigating and handling cases of dereliction of duty involving state functionaries .
beijing , $date ( beijing ) - - buffeted by rampant smuggling and piracy , the environment for publishers , manufacturers , and distributors of audio - visual products in china has worsened dramatically in recent years .
some producers of audio - visual products can hardly subsist by merely counting on their main business , and markets selling non - pirated audio - visual products are withering .
that was a statement made by minister of culture sun jiazheng at the $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee today [ $date ] .
in view of the problems in the chinese markets of cultural goods , the npc standing committee met today to hear a special report prepared by the ministry of culture on the management of the markets of cultural goods .
sun jiazheng said : pirated audio - visual products come primarily from three sources : $number ) they are smuggled into the country from the outside .
according to estimates , in southeast asia , hong kong , macao and taiwan , there are $number underground lines that produce laser discs meant for the mainland markets .
$number ) $number , they are produced by the underground producers at home .
$number ) they are products produced by legitimate producers that have succumbed to the onslaught of pirated products and to the temptation of high profits .
sun jiazheng analyzed : the main causes of the chinese markets being replete with pirated audio - visual products are as follows : - - consumers ' growing needs and the inadequate supply of legitimate products have created an enormous capacity for pirated audio - visual products .
according to people in the trade , china 's markets for audio - visual products exceed $number yuan per year ; but the country produced some $number and $number yuan of legitimate audio - visual products $date and $number , respectively . meanwhile , because of the rapid development of the vcd industry and the large output and sales of vcd equipment in china , as well as the rapid popularization of computers that use laser discs , the output of legitimate audio - visual products can hardly meet the demand .
- - consumers ' unawareness and feeble concept of the need to protect intellectual property rights .
some local authorities and departments and administrators do not have sufficient understanding of the danger of pirated audio - visual products . they pay a lot more attention to wiping out pornographic publications than to cracking down on pirated goods . some local authorities are tolerant of pirated goods , thinking that they are harmless goods that the masses need and that keep pace with economic development .
some consumers buy pirated goods because they are inexpensive . it is hard for them to reject pirated goods voluntarily .
this being the case , it is difficult to create a force that can eliminate pirated audio - visual products from all sides .
- - inefficient management and difficulty in enforcing the law .
different departments have different policies , which crisscross with each other laterally and vertically . in actual operations , certain illegal elements , harbored by administrators , are not punished . some administrators , under constant retaliation and threat , dare not handle the problem seriously .
with respect to measures that have to be taken to address the problem of markets being inundated by pirated audio - visual products , sun jiazheng indicated the need to address the problem from two aspects - - drawing up long - term , regulatory measures ; and carrying out collective controls with interim measures . he said the control must be based on the law and on measures that have long - term effects .
he added that mobile and harassing raids on pirated goods should be replaced by law , regulations , and effective mechanisms . $number .
all relevant departments - - the ministry of culture , the ministry of public security , the state administration of industry and commerce , the state press and publications administration , the national working group for wiping out pornography and pirated goods - - must work to address the problem together .
continuous efforts must be made to ferret out underground laser disc producers , tighten the management of lawful publishers , manufacturers and producers so as to uproot pirated audio - visual products . $number .
we must energetically compress and consolidate the areas that sell audio - visual products , and strictly crack down on unlicensed stalls and roving sellers .
certain markets of audio - visual products have become distributors of pirated goods .
the ministry of culture issued a notice in $date on compressing and consolidating the nation 's $number sites , each had at least $number stores that sold audio - visual products . efforts are being made to cut the number in half by the end of this year . $number .
we must intensify our efforts in controlling audio - visual imports and in cracking down on smuggling activities and trading of smuggled goods . $number .
we must continue to improve all administrative measures , streamline the administrative system , and tighten day - to - day market controls . $number .
we must specify the business of audio - visual products as a special business ; draw up a policy that keeps pace with the situation of the country - - a policy that supports the development of the audio - visual industry ; restructure the audio - visual industry ; and increase the supply of legitimate audio - visual products .
the ministry of culture will revise the relevant policies and regulations to reform the distribution of audio - visual products , energetically develop regulated chain operations , raise the thresholds for opening audio - visual businesses to encourage distributors of audio - visual products to operate business in large scale according to regulation .
we should also strengthen the consolidation and management of audio - visual product wholesalers and consolidate and support the sales of audio - visual goods in state - owned bookstores , specialized stores , emporiums , and supermarkets so that legitimate audio - visual products will have a bigger market share . $number .
because many chinese consumers are unaware of the need to respect intellectual property rights , we must continue to carry out publicity drives in markets of audio - visual products to educate the masses not to purchase pirated goods , so as to create an atmosphere in which people will take the initiative in rejecting pirated goods .
qiao xiaoyang , vice chairman of the npc law committee , pointed out at the $number meeting of $number npc standing committee held this morning : in order to earnestly exercise the functions and duties entrusted to the npc and its standing committee by the constitution and the law and in order to step up supervision over the economic work of the state council according to the law , it is highly necessary for the npc standing committee to come out with a decision on strengthening its supervision over economic work .
qiao xiaoyang made the above remarks when delivering a report on the results of deliberations concerning the npc standing committee 's draft resolution on strengthening supervision over the economic work .
the $number meeting of $number npc standing committee conducted a preliminary deliberation concerning the npc standing committee 's draft resolution on strengthening its economic supervision work , which was submitted for examination by the npc financial and economic committee , noted qiao xiaoyang .
after the meeting , the state council put forward some opinions and suggestions on the draft resolution , and relevant departments of the npc and its standing committee made amendments to the draft resolution in accordance with both the views raised by the npc standing committee during the preliminary deliberation and the opinions and suggestions put forward by the state council and its relevant organs .
qiao xiaoyang indicated : based on the opinions of some members of the npc standing committee , it has been suggested that the title of this decision be amended as follows : " the decision of the npc standing committee on strengthening supervision over economic work . "
meanwhile , according to the opinions of some members of the npc standing committee and relevant organs of the state council , it has been suggested that $number clause of the draft resolution on the examination - and - approval procedures concerning the draft five - year plans and long - range objectives formulated by the state council for the country 's national economic and social development should be merged with $number clause of the draft resolution on the examination - and - approval procedures concerning the draft annual plans formulated by the state council ; and the amendment should read : " the draft annual plans , five - year plans , and long - range objectives for the country 's national economic and social development , which are formulated by the state council , should be submitted to the npc standing committee one month before the npc opens session . "
according to qiao xiaoyang , stipulations on the examination focuses of draft plans and planning reports are carried in $number clause of the draft resolution .
some members of the npc standing committee have raised the opinion that the npc should further combine its work with the realities of the economic work when setting focuses for the examination of draft annual plans , so that the focuses of examination can be better directed at practical problems ; and based on this opinion , the npc financial and economic committee suggested relevant revisions to the draft resolution .
the npc law committee has suggested that the following amendment be made to $number clause of the draft resolution : " the focuses of the examination of draft annual plans and planning reports are as follows : the guiding principle of formulation should conform to the five - year plan and long - range objectives of national economic and social development , which have been approved by the npc ; the major targets and indexes should conform to the requirement of maintaining a sustained and stable national economic growth ; and the major measures should conform to such requirements as strengthening macro - economic control and regulation , readjusting the structure of the economy , making sound arrangements for the state 's key constructions , taking earnest steps to improve the living standards of the people , enhancing the level of employment , providing sound social securities , and bringing about a sustainable growth . "
besides , some members of the npc standing committee have also noted that to strengthen its supervision over the economic work , the npc standing committee must properly handle the relations between its economic supervision and the routine work of the state council , and see to it that it can successfully carry out the supervision work while helping enhance the efficiency of the administration .
a sound coordination is required as concerns the concrete work arrangements of the supervision .
in view of this need , the npc law committee has also suggested amendments to the relevant clauses of the draft resolution .
during a recent informal discussion with some of the delegates to a national meeting of customs directors , state council premier zhu rongji and other leading comrades pointed out : the customs have achieved great successes in its work over the past one year or so , making contributions to the reform and development .
at the same time , they stressed the need to have a proper understanding of problems exposed in the customs ranks and to promote clean administration and combat corruption in a deepgoing manner .
in this connection , these reporters interviewed qian guanlin , director of the general administration of customs [ gac ] .
qian guanlin said : the cordial informal discussion between premier zhu rongji and other leading comrades from the state council with some of the delegates to the meeting of customs directors fully reflected the party central committee and the state council 's tremendous attention to and care for customs work . therefore , customs cadres , staff , and workers throughout the country , without exception , felt heartened and inspired with enthusiasm . only by scrupulously abiding by our duties and redoubling our efforts in work can we avoid failing to live up to the party and people 's great trust .
qian guanlin gave us a brief introduction to the development of the customs ranks since the national anti - smuggling work conference in $date .
he said : the exceptionally serious zhanjiang smuggling and bribery case has given us a penetrating caution : serious cases of smuggling are inevitably linked to gross corruption in law enforcement ; to combat smuggling , we will have to combat corruption ; the seriousness of having corruption in law enforcement by the customs ranks definitely must not be underestimated .
when asked about plans for building up the customs ranks in the next stage , qian guanlin replied : to guard the passes , we must $number put the customs in order ; to put the customs in order , we must be sure to be strict .
the customs departments will comprehensively strengthen the development of the customs ranks by laying stress on the arrangement of three anti - corruption work as determined by the central authorities .
$number , to " put the customs under strict administration , " we must start with putting the officials under strict administration and strengthening the administration of and supervision over leading cadres .
$number ) we will , in accordance with the central authorities ' demands , continue to do a good job of the " three stresses [ on study , politics , and healthy trends ] " education and give priority to solving the problems of leading customs cadres in such areas as administration according to the law , strict administration of the customs , and integrity and self - discipline .
$number , we will center on the proper handling of our relationship with the objects of our work to conduct deepgoing education and rectification and conscientiously check unhealthy tendencies in the profession .
beginning in $number quarter of the year , we will concentrate our time on carrying out special improvement activities to check unhealthy tendencies and strengthen discipline . we will , through such measures as self - examination and self - correction as well as both open and secret investigation , resolutely check unhealthy tendencies in the customs profession such as accepting entertainment by the objects of work ; collecting or accepting " red packets " [ gift money ] , negotiable securities , or valuables from them ; and borrowing transport and communication tools or claiming payments for private expenses from them .
such malpractices will be strictly dealt with as soon as detected and there shall be absolutely no leeway for " offsetting faults against merits " or " giving the offender a $number chance . "
$number , we will strictly investigate and deal with cases of coraruption in law enforcement .
anyone found violating the " rules for clean administration by the customs " shall be severely punished in accordance with the maximum penalty .
those found to be seriously derelict in their duty because of failure to administer according to the law , to have colluded with outsiders for bribes and allowed smuggling , or to have committed offenses in defiance of the prevailing practice as well as law and discipline shall be subject to severe punishment or , in cases of violation of the criminal law , be resolutely turned over to judicial organs .
$number , we will strengthen and improve ideological and political work in the customs departments by laying stress on grass - roots development .
$number , we will deepen the reform of customs clearance operations to ensure that customs is administered according to the law and is honest in discharging administrative duties .
this includes making further efforts to rationally divide the operational authority between organs at three different levels , namely , the gac and customs departments directly under the gac and their subordinate customs departments , to bring about an optimized disposal of authority and responsibilities ; scientifically setting up the flow of customs clearance operations and drawing up procedures for customs administration and law enforcement to bring about a separation of the five authority of risk distribution and control , of document examination operations , of actual supervision and administration , of functional management , and of supervision over law enforcement ; and making further efforts to standardize and make public the customs ' operational procedures and rules for clean administration to perfect the mechanism of social supervision over law enforcement by the customs .
qian guanlin indicated : under the proper leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , the $number customs cadres , staff , and workers throughout the country have both determination and confidence in " controlling their own people well and guarding the country 's gate well " and in " erecting a steel great wall that will not be knocked out nor broken through " and will make new contributions to the reform and opening to the outside world as well as socialist modernization .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - at a briefing to chinese and foreign reporters today , liu hong , director of the state statistics bureau , said : $date , china 's economy grew steadily ; the residents ' living standards continued to improve ; the financial , securities , and insurance industries were continuously standardized and developed ; social undertakings made new advances ; and environmental protection was further strengthened .
at the same time , he pointed out , the main problems facing china 's economy were the problems of insufficient social demand and supply , conspicuous contradictions in the irrational economic structure , slowing down in the growth of farmers ' income , and increasing pressure on labor employment .
in his briefing to a news conference , which held by the information office of the state council today , liu hong said : $date , china 's gross domestic product topped the mark of $number yuan , or an increased of $number percent over the previous year calculated on comparable items , thus achieving the expected growth target .
the quality of economic operation has further improved .
thanks to the state 's reform and readjustment efforts , a breakthrough change took place in the bid to get state - owned enterprises out of difficulties within three years and the situation was put to an end in which enterprises ' economic performances declined by a wide margin in the previous year , and now the situation has taken a favorable turn noticeably .
the profits of industrial enterprises with a certain operation scale ( state - owned industrial enterprises and non - state - owned industrial enterprises with an annual sale income of $number yuan or so ) increased by $number percent over the previous year , of which the profits of state - owned and state - controlled shareholding industrial enterprises increased by $number percent .
the volume of losses suffered by loss - making industrial enterprises with a certain operation scale dropped by $number percent .
overall investment in fixed assets has continued to maintain a growth momentum .
$date social investment in fixed assets increased by $number percent from the previous year , of which investment in the state - owned economy and other types of economic sectors was up $number percent .
in foreign trade , the export sector has picked up .
$date , total volume of exports amounted to $ $number , up $number percent from the previous or a noticeably better improvement than expected at the beginning of the year .
total volume of imports was $ $number , up $number percent or a trade surplus of $ $number .
the state 's foreign exchange reserve at yearend was $ $number or a gain of $ $number from the end of the previous year .
market sales have been stable and increasingly active .
in $number half of $number , market sales were relatively dull .
thanks to the state 's efforts to increase the income of medium - and low - income city dwellers and the number of holidays , market sales grew at an accelerated pace quarter by quarter .
total sales volume of social consumer goods throughout the year increased by $number percent from the previous year , of which the increased figure in the last quarter alone was $number percent .
although the growth rate $date as a whole could not be considered high , the market had begun to show a level of activism in dynamic terms .
education and science have made new progress .
the state has made great successes in further implementing the strategy of invigorating the country with science and education , continuing to deepen reform of the management structure of higher - learning institutions , expanding by a wide margin the enrollment of students in higher education , and striving to push ahead the undertakings , such as technological innovation , education , and science and technology .
particularly the successful experimental flight of the " shenzhou " spaceship marked that china 's manned spaceflight cause had made an important step .
liu hong said : the overall situation in china 's national economic and social development $date was fine . this year localities and departments will continue to pay close attention to state - owned enterprise reform , economic restructuring , scientific and technological progress , and internal demand expansion in accordance with the plan of the central authorities and strive to maintain the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy while further improving the quality of economic operation .
to promote the implementation of the leadership responsibility system for the comprehensive management of public security , to solve prominent public security problems in a to - the - point manner , and to maintain social stability , the central committee for comprehensive management of public security today convened in beijing a joint conference both for analyzing the situation of public security and for discussing the leadership responsibility system for the comprehensive management of public security . the meeting analyzed the situation of public security throughout the country and the situation in implementing the leadership responsibility system for the comprehensive management of public security $date and studied measures for further strengthening work in comprehensively managing public security .
it was reported that last year various localities generally strengthened the comprehensive management of public security , and the situation of public security throughout the country as a whole was stable .
public security problems must not be underestimated , however , particularly because violent crimes such as explosion and gun - related cases remained very prominent ; street crimes such as purse - cutting and snatching increased ; law - breaking and criminal activities of the floating population , particularly the blindly floating population without legitimate identification papers , a proper source of income , and a permanent residence remained at a high rate ; and social evils such as prostitution , gambling , and drugs were spreading in some localities .
in connection with the situation of public security , the meeting suggested : at present , all localities need to continue maintaining a high - pressure posture on serious criminal offenses and make the struggle of " dealing severe blows " even more to the point and productive in terms of practical results ; to carry out deepgoing activities for creating security at the grass - roots level and implement various measures of crime prevention ; to further strengthen work for preventing law - breaking and criminal activities of youngsters ; to further strengthen efforts to wipe out social evils such as prostitution , gambling , and drugs ; and to conscientiously strengthen public security regulation over the floating population .
last year various localities generally raised the degree of attention to implementing the leadership responsibility system for the comprehensive management of public security . in practice , they continually improved the substance of the system , gradually standardized the ways of appraisal , and more earnestly put into effect rewards and punishments to vigorously promote the implementation of various measures for comprehensively managing public security .
in $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities throughout the country , party and government leaders at various levels came forward to sign letters of responsibility for the comprehensive management of public security .
most of the various localities have defined party and government heads as $number responsible persons in comprehensively managing public security .
over the past few years , the various localities have gradually established a motivating and restraining mechanism under the leadership responsibility system that consists of three sequential , complementary segments - - the signing of a letter of responsibility , inspection and appraisal , and giving rewards or administration of punishments - - and have paid special attention to inspection and appraisal as the most important among all focuses .
to strengthen and perfect the motivating and restraining mechanism under the leadership responsibility system , various localities have also gradually set up a system of procedure of the committee for comprehensive management of public security , a system of circulating notices on the situation of public security , a system of assigning areas of responsibility to leading committee members , a system of appraisal and inspection , a system of joint meeting of five departments , a system for investigating important cases , a system of reporting on important circumstances , and a system for supervising and speeding up case investigation and handling to gradually institutionalize and regularize work for implementing the leadership responsibility system .
wang shengjun , secretary general of the central commission on politics and law [ ccpl ] , stressed at the meeting : we must unremittingly carry out the struggle of " dealing severe blows " and centralized punishment and continue to maintain a high - pressure posture on criminal offenses ; must strictly carry out the leadership responsibility system for the comprehensive management of public security and promote the implementation of various working measures ; and must carry out deepgoing activities for creating security at the grass - roots level and put in a lot of effort to seek practical results .
attending the meeting were responsible comrades from the ccpl , the central commission for discipline inspection , the supreme people 's court , the supreme people 's procuratorate , the organization department of the cpc central committee , the ministry of personnel , the ministry of supervision , the ministry of public security , the ministry of justice , and other departments .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - jiang zemin , chairman of the central military commission , signed days ago a decree to promulgate and put into force the " regulations governing education programs of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] 's academies and schools . "
the original " provisional regulations governing the operation of army academies and schools , " which were promulgated $date under the names of the general staff department , the general political department , and the general logistics department , have played an important role in regulating the operation of army academies and schools and in promoting their development . in the wake of profound changes in education programs of our army academies and schools , these provisional regulations no longer suit the development of army academies and schools . thus it is definitely necessary to formulate a new set of " regulations governing education programs of the chinese pla 's academies and schools . "
sticking to the direction prescribed by marxism - leninism , mao zedong thought , deng xiaoping theory , and a series of important expositions by comrade jiang zemin , following the military strategic guideline for the new period , carrying forward the fine traditions in education of our army academies and schools , assimilating advanced experience in the field of education both at home and abroad and from within and without the army , and correctly handling the relations between current and long - term needs and between reformatory and regulatory needs , the current " regulations " cover as widely as possible the major areas of activities of army academies and school .
the " regulations " consist of $number chapters with $number articles .
the " regulations " point out : education programs run by army academies and schools are an important component part of the state 's education undertaking , and the basic means for the training of military professionals .
these " regulations " took effect on the day of promulgation .
the west particularly northwest china is rich in land resources , but plagued by fragile ecological environment such as the scarcity of water resources and worsening and soil erosion problems .
wang shucheng said that the focal points of development of water conservancy in western china include four aspects : firstly , taking improving ecological environment as a fundamental starting point , lay down plan for water conservancy projects . secondly , conduct building irrigation area with water - efficient irrigation as focal point . thirdly , intensify unifying management of valley and area water resources with optimal allocation of water resources as the objective .
fourthly , proceeding from a long - term point of view and consideration of overall situation , carry out cross - region and cross - valley water transfer . these four aspects come to a conclusion of handling well optimal allocation of water resources and making effort in improving level of scientific utilization of water resources .
due to unawareness of effective allocation and scientific utilization of water resources , ecological environment was destroyed by good intentions in making wrong things , from which a lesson must be drawn in the development of water resources in western china .
some similar examples can be found in western china .
water conservancy projects in western areas can be classified as engineering projects and non - engineering projects , wang shucheng said .
every province , municipality , and region will be allocated certain projects in line with special emphasis on local condition .
xinjiang will emphasize on project of controlling talimu ( tarim ) river and regional water while qinghai will emphasize on water transfer project to solve the problem of shortage of water supply to xining and neimenggu will mainly solve the issue of reforming water - efficient irrigation .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - this afternoon , lt. gen. xiong guangkai , deputy chief of general staff of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , met here with adm. dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the pacific command of the us armed forces .
the two sides had an extensive exchange [ guang fan di jiao huan $number $number $number $number $number ] of views on issues of common concern on international and regional security and bilateral relations .
prior to this , vice adm. shi yunsheng , commander of the navy , met with blair and his delegation .
blair 's delegation arrived in beijing yesterday afternoon for a visit at the invitation of the chinese pla general staff department .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , signed letters of responsibility for improving party style and building a clean and honest administration with each and every vice president today .
afterward , the vice presidents signed such responsibility letters with the top leaders of the courts , departments , bureaus , and offices under their jurisdiction .
according to these responsibility letters , the units and departments under the organizations subordinate to the supreme people 's court should not only handle the personnel in violation of law and discipline but should also correspondingly call responsible leaders into account if any unlawful and undisciplined case with bad influence takes place in a year .
meanwhile , disciplinary penalties should be imposed on those leaders who seriously practice bureaucracy , who neglect the duty of supervising personnel , and who are directly responsible for poor management .
at today 's rally on signing letters of responsibility , xiao yang said that as the country 's highest judicial organ , the supreme people 's court should set higher standards and stricter demands on itself with regard to building a clean and honest administration and fighting corruption , so as to set a good example for the courts at all levels .
signing such responsibility letters is designating all levels of leading cadres at the organs under the supreme people 's court the responsibility for improving party style and building a clean and honest administration . in this way , all leading cadres will maintain vigilance all the time and dare not neglect their duties .
lax discipline and the failure to make the enforcement of laws known to the public are major enemies affecting the construction of the contingent of cadres . only by so doing will leading cadres not lag behind others and be ever victorious in the course of advancement .
under strict management and strict supervision , we will be able to forcefully carry forward justice , to vigorously check unhealthy trends , and to completely change the mental outlook of the contingent of judges .
it is reported that according to the regulations on improving party style and building a clean and honest administration , as stipulated by the cpc central committee and the state council , the supreme people 's court formulated relevant procedures for implementation of such regulations and clearly defined responsibilities for all levels of court leading party group secretaries ( court presidents , ) members of such leading party groups , vice presidents of the courts at various levels , and the leading cadres of all subordinate organs , departments , and units . the regulations stress that each level should attend to the work of its lower level and designate responsibility to its lower level in an effort to eliminate the phenomena of being lenient and soft in resolving the problems of improving party style and building a clean and honest administration .
according to reliable sources , around the time when the mainland issued " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " white paper , jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , pointed out in an internal speech that , in view of taiwan compatriots ' doubts about " one country , two systems , " we should make vigorous efforts to step up propaganda work to clear up taiwan compatriots ' misgivings and enhance mutual trust .
it has been pointed out that the high - level leadership of the cpc does not wish to see a military conflict between the two sides of the strait , nor does it wish to resort to military means to settle the reunification issue . besides , over the next $number years , the mainland will focus on economic development ; therefore , the high - level leadership still hopes to reserve room for flexible handling of the reunification issue , so that future taiwan leaders will hold talks with the mainland .
it has been learned that , in the speech , jiang zemin again reiterated the following important principles : - - he stressed holding cross - strait talks on an equal basis under the one - china principle and did not mention " talks between the central and local authorities . "
he reiterated that conditions for taiwan can be more liberal than those for hong kong and macao , that is , a high degree of autonomy ; the mainland will not send troops and officials to taiwan ; taiwan 's judicial powers will be completely independent ; taiwan will have the power of final adjudication ; taiwan can completely retain its original party , administrative , and military systems ; taiwan can participate in international affairs as a region ; appointments of leaders elected in taiwan after reunification will not have to be subject to the central authorities ' approval .
- - after reunification , taiwan does not need to be subjected to the cpc 's leadership , and the cpc will not develop its organizations in taiwan .
- - after reunification , the leadership of the country will be formed by representatives of all political parties elected in the mainland and taiwan , and a certain form of coalition government will be formed .
an expert on the taiwan issue in beijing who took part in drafting the recent white paper told this newspaper that discussion of the white paper , another programmatic document on cross - strait relations development following " the taiwan issue and china 's reunification " white paper of $date , began about two years ago . the research bureau of the state council 's taiwan affairs office was responsible for the specific work , and , after the outlines were drafted , they were given to the institute of taiwan studies of the china academy of social sciences for the drafting of the white paper .
after several changes were made during the last two years , the white paper was discussed at a high level and every word and sentence was pondered before the initial draft was decided . finally , it was submitted to the cpc central committee political bureau . after the political bureau 's discussion and after the final revision was made according to the latest development of the cross - strait situation , the white paper was decided by qian qichen , and jiang zemin gave the final approval .
the expert said the white paper was intended to completely express beijing 's stand on the taiwan issue - - while it was intended to show beijing 's sincerity in insisting on settling the taiwan issue following the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " it placed greater stress on making clear to the international community the chinese government 's determination not to permit foreign forces to interfere in china 's internal affairs . its target is primarily the latter . therefore , basically speaking , the white paper has not much to do with taiwan 's election in $date .
with the publication of the white paper on the taiwan issue , the struggle of the chinese government and people against division and " taiwan independence " has entered a new stage .
the white paper fully shows the sense of urgency and mission china has in resolving the taiwan issue .
to achieve the goal of national reunification in the new century , china must adhere to the strategic thinking of invigorating the armed forces with science and technology , accelerate the modernization of their weapons and equipment , and continuously reinforce its national defense capability .
to resolve the taiwan issue , china must still uphold the principle of peaceful reunification but , at the same time , it must on no account promise to abandon the use of force . peaceful reunification can possibly be achieved only with the backing of a powerful military might .
the current situation of the taiwan strait is in a crucial stage . china is keeping a close watch on the movements of li teng - hui [ lee teng - hui ] and taiwan independence elements and the tendency of the post - " election " political situation in taiwan .
on no account must china allow the " taiwan independence " forces to do whatever they like on the island .
if the one - china principle is scrapped and taiwan is even separated from china in whatever means and with whatever forms , this will lead the two sides of the strait to the abyss of war .
while attacking " taiwan independence , " china will focus the future military struggle on armed intervention by foreign forces . national reunification is the fundamental demand of a state 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
nevertheless , to contain china , the us hegemonism views taiwan as a " trump card " with which to contain the chinese mainland .
it pursues a so - called " no reunification , no war , and no peace [ bu he $number $number ] " in an attempt to split taiwan from china forever .
this us strategy serves its global strategy designed to control the european and asian continents , prevent the rise of powers that can sit as equals at the same table with the us , and safeguard its global hegemony .
hence , with this hegemonist strategy and desire , the us views the increasingly powerful china as a major hidden strategic opponent .
the us spearheads at china its efforts to strengthen the us - japan military alliance , speed up the deployment of the theatrical missile defense system in east asia , and intensify the " use of taiwan to contain china . "
out of its need to become a political power and military power from an economic power and need to contain china , hiding itself behind the back of the us , japan quietly " allies itself with the us in containing china . "
the actions taken by the us and japan may possibly spark a confrontation between big powers in east asia and will thus endanger peace in the asia - pacific region and the world at large .
to pursue its asia - pacific strategy , just after the conclusion of the new us - japan defense guidelines , the us started pushing negotiations on security among the us , japan , and republic of korea with security in northeast asia as the theme so as to achieve a coordinated security policy , and therefore , an " iron triangle " in northeast asia seems ready to take place . after concluding a " troop - visiting agreement " with the philippines and an agreement on the right to use the new changi naval base with singapore , the us is concentrating its efforts in conducting military exercises and joint exercises with the member states of the association of southeast asian nations , thus noticeably speeding up the pace of its involvement in southeast asia .
the us has also intensified its military infiltration in central asia and south asia in " a selective way . "
against this background , the military factor of the us policy toward taiwan has become more prominent .
after the us department of defense issued a report on military strength in the taiwan strait at the beginning of last year , the us has noticeably increased arms sales to taiwan with a clearer objective in mind and intensified technical upgrades of weapons sold to taiwan .
it has not only improved the after - sale service of the f-16 fighters but also insisted on selling early warning systems to taiwan in disregard of china 's strong opposition . moreover , it considered selling and transferring aegis destroyers , " patriot " - iii missiles and technologies relating to the tmd [ theatrical missile defense ] .
at the same time , the us congress is now pushing the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act . " this is a challenge to china 's fundamental national interests and a threat to its national security and national reunification .
the chinese government has never compromised in the slightest degree on the major issue of the principle of safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity and china means what it says in this regard .
china is not the federal republic of yugoslavia and taiwan is also not kosovo .
the us effort to strength its military ties with taiwan will aggravate the tense situation in cross - strait relations and bring about serious consequences to sino - us relations rather than guaranteeing taiwan 's " security . "
to safeguard national security and achieve the motherland 's reunification , china must speed up the pace of national defense modernization and continuously enhance its military strength .
the purpose for china to strengthen its military strength is for self - defense . this is conducive to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and peace in the world .
the flowers are blooming in the spring warmth , and all life is renewed . china 's economy has advanced steadily amid the difficulties of recent years .
the economic development goal for $number was achieved .
gdp rose by $number percent , which exceeded the expectations at the beginning of the year .
foreign exchange reserves totaled $ $number , and tax revenue broke through $number yuan ; both figures were records .
national people 's congress [ npc ] deputy yao zhenyan said that expanding domestic demand and practicing a positive fiscal policy and corresponding monetary policy have played a key role in these achievements .
attaching equal importance to stimulating investment and promoting consumption , not forgetting to use external demand while expanding domestic demand $date , not long after struggling with the asian financial crisis and extraordinary floods , china was again under an environment of insufficient global demand and deflation , and in which deep - seated domestic contradictions were continually becoming apparent .
this happened to be the year of the $number anniversary of the founding of the prc and the reversion of macao , and we were also facing imminent entry to the wto , thus further embroiling us in the opportunities and challenges of world economy .
a number of deputies and committee members pointed out that although there was no serious threat from an asian financial crisis last year , nor did we suffer the shocking floods of $number , the difficulties and problems encountered by china during the year were just as complex , and economic fluctuations similarly caused anxiety .
$date china decided to continue to practice a positive fiscal policy and further expand domestic demand .
due , however , to the impact of weak demand in the international market and obstacles in our domestic setup , the state of sagging investment , consumption , and exports did not accordingly go away , and the contradiction of insufficient stamina was particularly prominent in $number half of the year .
at that time , the stock market , termed the barometer of the national economy , was sagging .
some deputies pointed out that unless forceful new measures had been adopted , the good momentum of economic rebound since $number half of $number would have been hard to sustain .
having coolly analyzed the economic situation at the time , carried out thorough investigation and study , and extensively listened to the suggestions and views of experts and scholars , the central authorities held a timely meeting , looked into and set out a policy of further strengthening and improving macroeconomic regulation and control , and readjusted the intensity and specific measures of the fiscal policy .
looking back at the macroeconomic regulation and control policy since $number half of $number , there are three marked characteristics : $number , while intensifying the practice of a positive fiscal policy , efforts were made to give play to the role of monetary policy and make comprehensive use of levers such as interest rate , credit , tax , and prices to concentrate on resolving the contradiction of insufficient demand .
$number , china practiced a positive fiscal policy , avoided a situation in which investment came solely from the government , and paid attention to mobilizing nongovernmental investment and to stimulating consumption .
$date the newly issued state bonds were mainly used in infrastructure construction , but $date some of them were used as discount payments on enterprise technology loans , to encourage the enterprises to update their technology and plant and increase hi - tech input .
according to calculations , $number worth of fiscal discounting can draw forth $number worth of investment in technical improvements .
in view of the drop in people 's income expectations and the rise in their expenditure expectations , and their insufficient consumption capacity , we raised the standard of the basic living needs of workers laid off from state enterprises , the unemployed , those urban residents eligible for the lowest basic living needs , and others on low incomes , and increased the wages of workers of organs , undertakings , and units , and the pensions of retired personnel .
some $number people benefited from this policy , and it is hoped that residents ' income will increase by $number yuan a year .
the central bank lowered interest rates for $number time on $date , the national day holiday was extended , and tax on savings deposits started to be levied on $date ; these measures effectively weakened people 's tendency to save and stimulated their desire to consume ; the volume of retail sales started to rise month on month , and increased by $number percent in $number quarter .
$number , in developing the economy , we have persisted in adopting the guideline of expanding domestic demand , and there is no contradiction between this and expanding our opening up to the world and fully exploiting both domestic and foreign markets and resources .
the state continued to do everything possible to increase exports $date .
the tax rebate on exports was raised in $date and again in $date , with the result that the overall rebate rate on export commodities exceeded $number percent ; the progress of rebate was also speeded up , and a total of $number yuan in rebate was dealt with .
in $date the ministry of finance readjusted the policy regarding tax on imported plant , thus appropriately increasing imports , while in addition the customs cracked down hard on smuggling , with the result that the strategy of spurring exports and market diversification through imports achieved its predicted results .
by the end of $number , the slide in china 's exports had halted and they were rising ; the increase was $number percent over the $number figure ; this made a valuable contribution to increasing foreign exchange reserves , maintaining the stability of the renminbi , and leading forward economic growth over the whole year .
positive changes have emerged in economic operations , but more effort is needed to enter a virtuous circle reviewing $number , many deputies and committee members were not only proud that china 's economy has continued to record steady growth and is regarded by the world as one of the liveliest countries , but were also extremely glad that the quality of economic operations has improved during a painful and arduous switch of track .
information given this reporter by the state planning commission shows that the state has put in $number yuan in the past two years and has also drawn forth corresponding bank loans and investment by society ; this has mainly been used in launching $number projects in weak links in the national economy such as urgently needed energy , transport , improvement of power grids , and water conservancy construction ; the total amount of the construction is $number yuan , and half the work has now been completed .
some of the deputies gave this evaluation : " with no duplicate construction , we have done things that we wanted to do for many years . "
xie ping , a deputy to $number npc and director of the research bureau of the people 's bank of china , said that practice has proven that the orientation of the state bond investment set by the central authorities is correct .
the merit is here now , and the benefits will be long term .
after the onset of the flood season last year , the water level in the middle and lower reaches of the chang jiang and the dongting and poyang lakes was consistently very high , being higher than $date in some places , but the flood waters brushed us by , and the number of dangerous spots such as gushers and immersions was $number less than $date .
there was a decline of $number percent in relatively big danger spots and $number percent in dangerous gushers .
he said that the effects of building water conservancy products and taming the river and the lakes are evident .
$date the average charge per kilowatt of electricity in the rural areas fell by $number yuan , and as a result the peasants paid a total of $number yuan less for their electricity ; many peasants who could not afford electricity in the past have now happily installed color tv and vcd players , and sales of domestic electrical appliances have hotted up in some rural areas .
such a change results from the large - scale project to improve the rural power grids which started in $number half of $number .
$date china 's economy tasted to the full the vexations of surplus production , and advanced toward new life amid gradual restructuring and technical improvement .
the sown areas of grain , cotton , and sugar crops were reduced $date , since the storehouses were " bursting at the seams " or else there were stockpiles of these crops , and their respective output declined by $number , $number , and $number percent compared with the previous year .
there was increased production of vegetables , fruit , aquatic products , and oil crops , which were in quite great market demand .
some peasants learned the lesson of " increasing output without increasing income , " and no longer blindly pursued quantity ; instead , they paid attention to market changes , improvement of varieties , and science and technology input , and there was no lack of people whose returns steadily increased as a result .
today all - round restructuring of agriculture has become a new starting point for comprehensively raising the peasants ' returns and increasing their income .
in combination with economic restructuring , knocking out backward production capacity , and upgrading industry , last year the industrial front focused on reducing surplus production capacity in sectors such as textiles , coal , petrochemicals , and the metallurgical industry ; and the banks refused to lend money for products with high production costs , low standards , and lack of sales outlets , thus opening up a market space for superior enterprises and evening out some of the market supply and demand .
at the same time , spurred by market forces and supported by bank loans , a number of new - style domestic electrical appliances , computers , mobile phones and so on , with high science and technology content , low energy consumption , and a variety of functions rapidly sprang up , thus further improving market supply .
the quality of china 's economic growth has gradually improved amid both protection and pressure .
from $date last year , the production - marketing rate rose by $number percentage point compared with the corresponding period $date ; in $date , $date . $date , and $date the rate was respectively $number , $number , $number , and $number percent , being the highest levels in recent years ; enterprise returns increased by $number percent compared with the corresponding period of $number .
the rate of decline of the price level , which has been in negative growth for $number successive months , has gradually lessened as domestic demand is stimulated , and the categories of commodities whose prices are rising is now increasing .
although the most difficult period for china 's economic operations is now over , we have not shaken off the problem of insufficient demand , and there will still be many problems and obstacles on the way ahead .
we believe that so long as we stick to the guideline of expanding domestic demand and practice a positive fiscal policy , china 's economy will certainly be able to enter a virtuous circle as the international economy takes a turn for the better , policies are perfected , reforms are deepened , and systems are replaced .
in the new millennium , we again welcome the " two sessions . "
in the past year , china has advanced in big strides along the road of building democracy and the legal system .
recalling the building of democracy and the legal system in the past year , and listening to the sound of the footsteps of china 's progress in rule by law in the past year , many deputies and members have declared that china has taken solid new steps in building democracy and the legal system .
formulating , amending , and interpreting laws - - legislation more mature , of better quality by the day the formulation of our law on legislation has attracted world attention over the past year .
china has speeded up its legislative work in recent years .
how can we ensure that our formulation of laws is fair and scientific ?
the law on legislation has been listed in the legislative agenda .
following two examinations and discussions by the national people 's congress [ npc } standing committee , the draft of the law on legislation will be submitted to $number session of $number npc for examination and discussion .
the legislative measures of the npc standing committee last year gradually tended to become more varied : apart from drawing up new laws , it focused on stepping up amendments and interpretations of laws .
amendments accounted for half the laws examined and discussed by the npc standing committee over the past year ; appropriate amendments were made to the laws on income tax , accountancy , roads , criminal law , and company law ; corresponding interpretations were given regarding relevant articles in the hong kong basic law and the relevant regulations of the criminal law .
many deputies and committee members said that china 's laws accord better with objective reality and the authority of the law has been better upheld as a result of amending and interpreting the relevant laws at the appropriate time in accordance with the requirements of reform and modernization .
our legislation is becoming more mature by the day .
convenient application , speedy process , comprehensive content - - administrative review more effective in constraining powers on $date , when the law on administrative review had just come into force , beijing car - owner yao yuan handed in an application for administrative review to the state general administration for environmental protection , asking for a review of the beijing municipal environmental protection bureau 's administrative action in refusing to allow her car to be examined for exhaust emissions .
her request was supported by the state general administration for environmental protection .
ms. yao 's experience has proven one fact : the law must ensure that the administrative organs carry out their duties according to law , and also prevent abuse of administrative powers and protect citizens ' rights and interests .
ms. yao 's appeal has also proven a fact : only by carrying out administration according to law can functions be correctly exercised and can the masses ' support and cooperation be gained .
prior to the law on administrative review , administrative powers were constrained by a series of laws such as the law on administrative procedure , the law on state compensation , and the law on administrative punishment .
the enactment of the law on administrative review has made up for the limitations of the existing administrative procedural system in providing relief for citizen rights ; it has provided relief through convenience of application , speed in procedure , and comprehensive content , and has strengthened the legal responsibilities of the administrative review organs , so as to better prevent abuse of powers .
in $date , the state council specifically made a decision demanding that the local government at all levels and the state council departments do a thoroughly sound job in implementing the guideline of governing the country according to law , comprehensively work to administer according to law , strictly control the administration , build a clean , hardworking , pragmatic , and efficient government , and ensure that there are laws to follow , that they are strictly enforced , and that violators will be held accountable .
this showed yet again the firm attitude and resolute determination of our government in carrying out administration according to law .
speaking of carrying out administration according to law , some deputies and committee members held : " for the government at all levels , administering according to law is the inevitable demand and the best choice . "
intensify supervision , improve supervision methods , perfect supervision procedure - - supervision yields practical results intensifying supervision has consistently been an issue of concern to the masses .
after $number session of $number npc , standing committee chairman li peng pointed out : assign supervisory work a position of equal importance with legislative work , further intensify supervision , improve supervision methods , perfect the supervision procedure , and attach importance to practical results .
to formulate a law on supervision has been the common call of deputies and committee members in recent years .
since a very great deal of work and considerable difficulty is involved in tabling a law on supervision all at one go , the npc standing committee has decided to $number formulate a number of specific decisions on supervision .
in the past year they have twice examined and discussed regulations on exercising supervision over major cases of violations of law in judicial and procuratorial work , and initially examined and discussed a decision on stepping up economic supervision ; and on $date last year they adopted a " decision on intensifying examination and supervision of the central budget , " to better standardize budget behavior , strengthen examination and supervision of the central budget , and reduce budget arbitrariness .
apart from stepping up legislation on supervision , the npc standing committee has also used the forms of checking on law enforcement and making reports on specific topics to supervise the execution of laws of universal concern to the masses such as the law on atmospheric pollution and the law on product quality ; and it has also specifically supervised and urged increasing peasant incomes and lightening their burden , building the public security force , and so on .
democratic elections , democratic decisionmaking , democratic management , democratic supervision - - healthy development of villagers practicing self - government according to law on $date , after the enactment of the revised organic law on village committees , $number case occurred in the country of a village committee head being lawfully dismissed by the villagers ; this occurred in ruian city in zhejiang province .
the villagers of bailian village of pandai township of this city were unhappy over the vagueness of the village 's financial accounts , and a meeting of $number villagers was held which lawfully dismissed village committee head he guangshou from his post .
it can be said that in the more than one year since the enactment of the organic law on village committees , the exercise of villagers ' self - government according to law has won the support of village peasants throughout the country .
ma xianzhang , a npc deputy and vice chairman of the henan provincial people 's congress , said : " $number million of the $number people of china live in the rural areas ; this is china 's basic national condition .
respecting the democratic rights of the peasants to be masters in the house and expanding grassroots democracy is therefore particularly important for building democracy and the legal system in china .
we must attach importance to mobilizing the masses ' initiative and creativity in the process of strengthening the building of grassroots democracy and the legal system . "
the revised organic law on village committees sets down in the form of law the " four democracies , " that is , democratic elections , decisionmaking , management , and supervision ; apart from giving the villagers the enthusiasm to exercise their democratic rights , it has also given them the legal right to exercise democratic management .
we are informed that making village affairs public and democratic management have been implemented throughout the country since last year .
at present the degree of democratization and standardization of village elections is rising all the time , and $number percent of the village committees have established systems of villagers ' meetings and representative meetings and of making village affairs public , and have formulated villagers ' self - government charters and regulations and pacts .
moving out of the shadow of cases involving connections , favors , and cash - - striving to ensure judicial fairness $date , the court system launched an " enforcement year " drive , which effectively eased the difficulties of judgement enforcement .
speaking on this change , national cppcc member wu changzhen said with considerable feeling : " judicial fairness is the soul of judicial work .
when the court makes a judgement , it should be enforced , otherwise , where is the fairness ? "
according to statistics , $date last year , courts throughout the country completed the enforcement of judgments in $number cases , $number percent more than in the corresponding period of $number ; the price tag for those involved was $number yuan .
the reporters profoundly felt while interviewing people that judicial fairness remains a hot point of concern to everyone .
the courts and procuratorates throughout the country have adopted the forms of holding forums , report meetings , and so on to listen to the views of deputies and committee members and seriously digest their views and suggestions .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - over the past few months , china has signed bilateral agreements on her entry into wto [ world trade organization ] with $number wto member nations one by one and china 's return to gatt [ general agreement on tariffs and trade ] and " entry into wto , " which has continued for some $number years , has quickened by a large margin .
on $date , china and the united states signed a bilateral agreement on china 's entry into wto .
after that , china also signed bilateral agreements one by one with canada , cuba , venezuela , brazil , sri lanka , uruguay , peru , norway , iceland , the philippines , and india with the result that of some $number wto member nations which had asked for bilateral negotiations with china , $number have wound up bilateral negotiations and reached agreements with china .
it was learned that at present , china has yet to sign agreements with the remaining $number wto members , including the eu , argentina , colombia , costa rica , ecuador , guatemala , kirghizstan , latvia , malaysia , mexico , poland , switzerland , and thailand , and china 's negotiations with these countries are well under way .
on $date , qian jiadong , ambassador of china 's permanent delegation to the united nations in geneva , presented a note to gatt director - general arthur denker , officially applying for china 's return to gatt ( known as wto $date ) as a signatory power .
after that , it could be said that china 's negotiations with the major signatory powers were full of twists and turns .
between $number and $number , china frequently held bilateral consultations with the major signatory powers , including the united states .
$date , as the western countries headed by the united states made unrealistic demands on china , sino - us negotiations on china 's return to gatt hit a standstill .
after the negotiations resumed $date , though china made great efforts in quite a few aspects , since the us side still insisted on a higher price and due to reasons like us domestic politics and so on , the negotiations were still beset with difficulties . the us side time and again missed an opportunity to reach an agreement with china and china 's negotiations with other major signatory powers also proceeded slowly .
an analysis by experts here stated that china 's " entry into wto " has quickened since last year and this is the outcome of a strategic decision made by the hierarchy of the chinese government by judging the hour and sizing up the situation .
just as an article published recently by " renmin ribao " stated , quickening china 's " entry into wto " negotiations and enabling china to accede to wto on an earlier date is at once a natural choice for china in developing a socialist market economy and a need for china in furthering her reform and opening up .
in this sense , the " win - win " agreement reached between china and the united states last year is of paramount realistic and far - reaching historical significance .
the experts pointed out : as the largest developed country in the world at the moment , the united states wields considerable influence in the global economy and trade and is also china 's $number - largest trading partner .
as a major wto signatory power , the united states exerts important influence over the international trade rules ' formulation and operation .
therefore , the bilateral agreement reached between china and the united states has removed the biggest obstacle on the road leading to china 's " entry into wto . "
after china and the united states reached a bilateral agreement , other wto member nations , including the eu , stated that they will speed up negotiations with china and enable china to accede to wto at an earlier date .
as a matter of fact , china 's earlier accession to wto will benefit not just china but also the countries the world over , wto , and the global economic development .
just as wto director - general mackell muir pointed out during an interview with reporters in beijing the other day : without china 's participation , wto would be a semi - world trade organization . only after china becomes its member will wto turn into a real world trade organization .
the day china accedes to wto will be a historical event and a great day for china and the world .
faced with her accelerating entry into wto at present , china has started making positive preparations .
recently , china 's major newspapers , including " renmin ribao , " " jingji ribao , " " guangming ribao , " and so on , have one after another started publishing the relevant articles to teach the public the wto knowledge and rules and expound on how to greet opportunities and challenges after " entry into wto , " which has received much attention .
some symposiums or study classes on the theme of china 's entry into wto have also been welcomed by the public at large .
moreover , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign economic cooperation and trade , disclosed the other day : china has started actively screening the relevant laws and decrees and is expected to introduce relevant amendments to those found diametrically incompatible with the wto rules and guarantee in the form of law that the wto rules shall be enforced in china .
an analysis by some experts stated that as the day china accedes to wto is drawing near day by day , the issues concerning " entry into wto " are likely to be major topics of concern for discussion at this year 's forthcoming " two sessions . "
these three " ifs , " in the final analysis , imply that the reckless moves taken by the taiwan authorities to advocate " taiwan independence " and separatism and to completely negate the one - china principle will inevitably lead to war ; and this is totally a consequence caused by both the taiwan authorities and the separatist forces of " taiwan independence , " and also a just move which the chinese government is forced to take in order to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
if a grave turn of events occurs which leads to the separation of taiwan from china in any form , which is $number scenario pointed out in the white paper , the chinese government will adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to settle the taiwan issue by means of war .
this is because such a grave turn of events has already constituted a serious threat which will lead to taiwan 's separation from china , and will lead to taiwan 's " independence " or " independence " in disguised forms ; in the face of such grim circumstances , how can we sit indifferently , or engage ourselves in some sort of soft " verbal battles " with the taiwan authorities ? the only way to settle the issue is the use of force .
taking a panoramic view of history , we can see that during the father - son era of chiang kai - shek and chiang ching - kuo , both the father and the son of the chiangs always upheld the principle of one china , and recognized the fact that taiwan is an inalienable part of china . in this sense , chiang kai - shek could be called a patriot , and chiang ching - kuo could also be called a patriot . it was exactly because of this that there were signs of relaxation in cross - strait relations during the latter stage of the era of mao zedong and chiang kai - shek .
during the era of deng xiaoping and chiang ching - kuo , in particular , cross - strait relations were moving in the direction of relaxed and steady development .
jiang zemin , the leader of $number generation of the chinese government , has all the more spared no effort in pushing forward the great reunification cause of the motherland .
on the basis of " ye jianying 's nine - point proposal " and " deng xiaoping 's six - point proposal " respectively put forward on $date and $date , cpc general secretary jiang zemin put forward his " eight - point proposal " on $date , in which he specially pointed out that " anything can be discussed under the prerequisite of one china , " " we should strive for peaceful reunification , " and " chinese should not fight chinese . "
this has been the most relaxed atmosphere and the most sincere benevolence ever offered by the cpc to the kmt , and by mainland compatriots to taiwan compatriots , since the founding of new china .
however , lee teng - hui , head of those in power in taiwan , has acted in a diametrically opposite way , and has gradually taken the separatist road of " taiwan independence . "
$date when lee teng - hui $number assumed power , he still stuck to the one - china principle . however , as his ruling position was consolidated and along with changes in the situation both inside the island and in the world , he has today torn off his disguise and fully displayed his true colors as a separatist and an advocator of " taiwan independence . " from his idea of " one country , two reciprocal political entities " to the idea that " taiwan is already a country with independent sovereignty , and its designation is the ' republic of china ' " and from his " seven - parts theory " to his " two - state theory , " lee teng - hui has deviated from the consistent stand of chiang kai - shek and chiang ching - kuo , seriously damaged cross - strait relations which were already heading towards relaxation , and has led cross - strait relations to the brink of war .
if lee teng - hui takes one step further on the road of " taiwan independence , " which means a grave turn of events leading to taiwan 's separation from china , it stands to reason that the chinese government will be forced to settle the issue through the use of force .
if taiwan is invaded and occupied by foreign countries , which is $number scenario pointed out in the white paper , the chinese government must also adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to settle the taiwan issue .
based on the moral principles of mankind and in line with international law , a country has the power , the responsibility , and the obligation to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity and to realize its unification .
in this aspect , the chinese people enjoy a glorious tradition and have a sincere love for their own motherland ; and they will never allow themselves to be bullied by foreign invaders , or tolerate the loss of even one inch of the sacred land of their country .
as early as $number , with the aim of guarding our home and protecting our people , we carried out the great patriotic and international struggle of resisting us aggression and aiding korea , and successfully defeated us aggressors in the end .
$date , we launched a counterattack against the then vietnam in self - defense , and successfully guarded our frontier .
it is beyond any doubt or reproach that all these were patriotic and just moves aimed at protecting and safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
although hong kong and macao had respectively been occupied by foreign countries for $number and $number years , the chinese government still did all it could to recover these two pieces of sacred land , and succeeded in the end in bringing them back to the embrace of the motherland ! from all this one can see the patriotic feelings that the chinese people cherish for their motherland , as well as the strong determination they have in safeguarding the territory of their motherland .
if " taiwan independence " forces dare to draw aid from foreign anti - china forces , coordinate with foreign anti - china forces by selling this treasured island to a foreign country , and invite a wolf into the house in an attempt to realize their dream of creating a " puppet emperor , " it is our unshirkable duty to wage a resolute struggle against foreign invaders , and also against " taiwan independence " elements and traitors .
if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse a peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , which is $number scenario pointed out in the white paper , the chinese government will be forced to settle the issue by use of force .
what is their real purpose ? why must the chinese government settle the issue by adopting all drastic measure possible , including the use of force ? what consequences will there be if we do not handle the issue this way ? all these major and serious issues need to be answered correctly by the people on both sides of the taiwan strait .
today , by spreading the view that " there is no timetable " for reunification , the taiwan authorities aim to put off the settlement of the issue indefinitely ; and their highlighted effort to " stall for time " has proved an extremely dangerous practice .
once they think the opportunity is ripe , the taiwan authorities will openly engage in " taiwan independence " and separatism , or use their three people 's principles to unify china and build up a so - called unified china under the system of " freedom , democracy , and well - distributed wealth . " judging by the series of moves and remarks made by the taiwan authorities in recent years , we can see that their current mainland policy can be divided into $number choice , $number choice , and $number choice .
going all out for $number choice , putting up with $number choice , and avoiding the last choice is wishful thinking of the taiwan authorities , which will get them nowhere in reality .
adhering to the one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for cross - strait negotiations .
however , the taiwan authorities have unreasonably demanded that the chinese government $number promise to renounce its firm stand on settling the taiwan issue by force before taiwan agrees to enter into peaceful negotiations . this is totally an act of confusing the cause and effect , and a big conspiracy which has shaken the fundamentals of the issue . peace is not a medical ointment , neither are negotiations a magic drug ; and we will make no compromise in the face of separatism at the ultimate point .
therefore , if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse a peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , it stands to reason that the chinese government will be forced to adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , and fulfill the great cause of reunification of china .
this year is the run - up to the new century , and this spring is $number spring of the new millennium . their special positions in the coordinate of time make this year 's " two sessions " particularly significant .
in addition to this , this year is the last year for china to fulfill $number five - year plan and important objectives for the end of this century , an important year for chinese people to make preparations for attaining the great rejuvenation of the nation in the new century .
in this sense , the upcoming " two sessions " are regular annual sessions , but not regular sessions of a general meaning .
major items on the agenda of the " two sessions " this year 's " two sessions " will have the same characteristic of a short duration as last year 's .
$number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] will be held $date , the same as last year .
$number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] will be held $date , a period two days shorter than last year 's .
it can be regarded as the shorted national session in the cppcc history . as pointed out by relevant persons , in addition to improving efficiency and conserving funds , the major reasons for shortening the duration of this year 's " two sessions " are that there will be no personnel changes because this year 's " two sessions " are not end - of - term sessions and that the number of proposed laws that need to be examined and approved is fewer than in the past .
as has been learned , major items on the agenda of $number session of $number npc include hearing and discussing the government work report ; examining and approving the report on implementing the $number national economic and social development plan and the national economic and social development plan for $number ; examining the report on execution of the $number central budget and the central budget for $number ; examining and discussing the " legislation law ( draft ) " ; and hearing and discussing the work reports of the npc standing committee , the supreme people 's court , and the supreme people 's procuratorate .
major items on the agenda of $number session of $number cppcc national committee are hearing and discussing the work report of the standing committee of $number cppcc national committee ; discussing and approving the amendment to the cppcc constitution ; and attending as observers $number session of $number npc .
li peng to give work report personally what merits attention is that the past practice of having a npc standing committee vice chairman deliver the standing committee work report will be changed this year , and chairman li peng will give the standing committee work report personally .
this marks $number reform of npc session in several decades . judging from the angle of laws , china 's constitution does not explicitly stipulate whether it is the npc standing committee chairman or the vice chairman who should give the standing committee work report at the npc session . it only stipulates that " the standing committee should give a work report to the npc at each of its sessions . "
judging from the npc history , when liu shaoqi was the chairman of $number npc standing committee , the standing committee work report was distributed in written form directly to deputies instead of being read by the chairman .
from $number npc , when zhu de , ye jianying , peng zhen , and wan li served as the chairman , the standing committee work reports were read by their vice chairmen because the chairmen were advanced in age .
this way of giving standing committee work report has become a practice .
at the sessions of $number npc , the report was delivered by its vice chairman tian jiyun , and chairman qiao shi chaired the sessions .
at $number session of $number npc last year , it was vice chairman jiang chunyun who delivered the standing committee work report , and chairman li peng chaired the session .
at $number session of $number npc , some deputies proposed that the chairman deliver the standing committee work report . this proposal reflected the aspiration and voice of people 's congress organizations at various levels .
according to relevant persons , such a change in the form of the session conforms to the important role the npc plays in the state 's legislative work and is also a need in the further development of the people 's congress work .
people here said : since he was elected as chairman of $number npc standing committee $date , li peng has acquired a deep understanding of people 's congress work and made many achievements in legislative investigations and research and in strengthening the legal system .
that li peng delivers the standing committee work report is conducive for the npc to open up a new situation in the new century , to make its work more transparent , and to gear its work more to the needs of the society and the public .
furthermore , judging from the legal principle , the constitution demands that the standing committee submit work report to the npc during its session , and it also stipulates that the chairman presides over the standing committee meetings and takes charge of the standing committee work . therefore , it is a matter of course for the chairman to personally deliver the work report to the npc session .
the cppcc will arrange three official news briefings for its news spokesman tian zengpei to introduce $number session of $number cppcc national committee , for cppcc members to talk about the strategy of developing western china , and for cppcc members to talk about the issue of rejuvenating the country with science and technology .
in addition , the press center of the " two sessions " will also make arrangements for local provincial and municipal leaders to be interviewed collectively by chinese and foreign reporters .
the " guidelines for construction of chinese pla headquarters " have been approved by the state central military commission and issued and enacted at the directive of president jiang zemin . our military takes this measure after studying the actual situation of the world 's military reform and military fighting preparations . these guidelines are our military 's important measure to further improve the ability of headquarters at all levels in planning and directing military construction as well as organizing and commanding troops in fighting .
conscientiously studying and implementing these " guidelines " is very significant in comprehensively implementing a series of important statements made by the party 's three generations of core leaders in strengthening the construction of our military 's headquarters . conscientiously studying and implementing these " guidelines " is also very significant in speeding up the construction of military modernization and in winning local wars under the condition of high technology in the future .
it plays the role of the " head " and carries out important functions in commanding troops in fighting and in the construction of troops . at the entire military chief of staff conference , president jiang pointed out the profound truth that currently great changes are taking place in the world 's militaries .
especially in the field of commanding wars , the changes are larger than ever . handling information takes much less time than it did previously . the commanding of strategies , campaigns and tactics are all merged . the efficiency and working quality of commanding units have a decisive influence on the outcome of wars .
president jiang 's important speech shows the importance and urgency of strengthening the construction of commanding units in the new period .
we must strive to build headquarters at all levels into leading units which " are firm in politics , excel in their daily business , have a good working style , are able to react quickly , command troops efficiently and play the leadership role . " this is the requirement for adapting to the development and change of the international strategic situation , to meet the challenges of the world 's military reform , to promote the construction of military modernization , to achieve our transcentury development goals , to fulfill our military 's fundamental functions and to win local wars under the condition of high technology .
they are the basis for strengthening our military 's construction of headquarters in the new situation . these " guidelines " continue to be directed by mao zedong military thought , deng xiaoping thought on military construction in the new period and a series of jiang zemin 's important statements on military construction .
when studying and implementing the guidelines for the construction of headquarters , we must associate it with deeply studying and understanding president jiang 's important speech at the entire military chief of staff conference . we must keep our strategies and the big picture in mind and comprehensively analyze the development and changes in the international strategic environment and our country 's security situation at the turn of the century . we must fully understand the significance of strengthening the construction of headquarters for doing well the work of the construction of military modernization and the work of preparing for military fighting .
to strengthen the construction of headquarters at all levels we must closely stick to the fundamental principle of persisting in the party 's absolute leadership over the military . we must conform to president jiang 's general requirements of " being politically qualified , militarily well trained , excellent in working style , strict in discipline , and powerful in logistical supply . " we must from beginning to end treat the construction of ideology and politics as a priority over construction in other fields . we must ensure that commanding units at all levels and the broad masses of staff officers keep a high degree of unity in their ideology , politics and conduct with the party central committee and the state central military commission with comrade jiang zemin as the core .
it is an important link in implementing these " guidelines " to deeply understand the state central military commission 's military strategic principles in the new period and to correctly grasp fundamental standards for the construction of headquarters .
we must persist in treating war tasks as our ultimate tasks and firmly establish the thought of " doing military construction for future wars . " in the construction of headquarters , we must truly put the emphasis on winning local wars under the condition of modern technology , especially high technology . we must strive to improve our military 's ability in planning and directing military construction as well as in organizing and directing troops in fighting .
focusing on and doing well the construction of headquarters in the new period according to the spirit of the " guidelines " is a long - term strategic task .
this theme will promote new developments in the campaign of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun and is significant .
old - generation revolutionaries , including liu shaoqi , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping and chen yun , also wrote words of commendation to highly praise the lei feng spirit .
the whole party , entire military and the people of the whole country warmly responded , and a mass campaign of learning from lei feng burgeoned rapidly in china .
we must educate and direct the young rank and file to strengthen their revolutionary beliefs like lei feng and li xiangqun did .
we must lead the young rank and file to strive to study revolutionary theories , especially deng xiaoping theory and materialist dialectics . we must lead them to truly lay a firm foundation for their ideological theories and to establish correct perspectives on the world , life and values . we must lead them to strengthen their correct political direction and political standpoint and to continuously improve their ability of distinguishing right from wrong . we must lead them to make a clear break with feudalism and superstition on their own initiatives , to firmly fight the falungong evil - religious organization , and to become soldiers loyal to the party and the people forever .
we must educate and lead the young rank and file to carry out the spirit of sacrifice and contribution like lei feng and li xiangqun did , and to transform their love of the country into dedication to serving the country .
we must educate and lead them to firmly remember the principles of our party and our military and from beginning to end to treat the interests of the party and the people as the priority over anything else . we must educate and lead them to make efforts in carrying out the spirit of patriotism and revolutionary heroism . we must educate and lead them to maintain from beginning to end their grand honesty and revolutionary integrity of being unyielding to strong enemies , of not being attracted by money and of not being infatuated with personal fame and gain .
especially currently , we must educate and lead the young rank and file to serve for the big picture of construction and reform of the country and the military on their own initiatives . we must educate and lead them to correctly deal with adjustments in their interest relationships , with their fame , gain and positions and with real difficulties with their homes and themselves .
we must educate and lead them to contribute to military construction with real deeds . we must educate and lead the young rank and file to cultivate excellent morality on their own initiatives like li xiangqun did . we must educate and lead them to start from dealing with actual problems , detailed links and concrete actions and to cultivate lofty values bit by bit . we must continuously improve the spiritual morality and personal quality of the broad masses of the young rank and file in their everyday lives .
if we implement this principle in the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun , we must arouse and mobilize the enthusiasm and creativity of the broad masses of the young rank and file to the utmost extent and let them maintain high enthusiasm in their training .
we must organize and hold campaigns for training soldiers in their posts and various forms of competition . through these , we can arouse the desire of the broad masses of rank and file to contend , compete , research and blaze new trails .
to develop well the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun , one of the very important principles is that leaders and political units at all levels must strengthen their sense of political responsibility and truly strengthen their organization and leadership .
communist youth leagues have specific advantages in contacting and uniting youth .
grassroots communist youth leagues must fully play their role as an important body and leader in the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun .
they must closely focus on the theme of cultivating high - quality young soldiers and unceasingly enrich the content and form of young soldiers study .
we must effectively carry out the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun into the new century .
whether there is reunification or separation concerns the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
we are firmly opposed to all separatist acts . on this count , there is no room for compromise .
on the taiwan issue , only by adhering to the one - china principle can the two sides of the strait find a method for resolving differences between the two sides and achieve peaceful reunification on the basis of china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and through consultation on an equal basis .
if one were to abandon the one - china principle and even try by various means to seek different forms of independence with the aim of separation , however , it would only draw the two sides of the strait to the abyss of a war .
when all political means are to no avail , we resolutely will adopt all necessary means , including the use of force . this is a necessary option that we have no alternative but to take under certain conditions .
in recent years , the separatist forces in taiwan represented by lee teng - hui ( li denghui ) have turned a deaf ear to the solemn warnings of the chinese government , wantonly carrying out , under various political pretences , separatist activities in a bid to create independence .
theoretically , they gradually have deviated from the one - china principle , trumpeting " two governments , " " two reciprocal political entities , " and " taiwan is already a state with independent sovereignty . " they connive at and provide support for the separatists who advocate " taiwan independence " and their activities .
politically , they try hard to turn taiwan into an " independent political entity " through various " constitutional reforms , " including " formulating a new constitution , " " amending the constitution , " and " explaining the constitution " or through " legislation , " to suit their need to create " two chinas " and fulfill , in a " legal " form , their plot of separating taiwan from china under the name of the " republic of china . "
in foreign relations , under the pretence of " expanding the international space of survival , " they have spared no efforts to carry out various activities , such as creating " two chinas , " and promoting the activities of " joining the united nations " and other international organizations . they use the flesh and blood of the people of taiwan to wantonly engage in " money politics " in an effort to evolve cross - strait relations into de facto " state relations . "
militarily , they have purchased massive quantities of advanced weapons from foreign countries . they are trying to join the theater missile defense system in a bid to covertly establish a certain form of military alliance with the united states and japan and to seek the help of external forces by currying favor with both countries . in fact , they have taken no notice of the voice of the taiwan people who hope for improvement , and not deterioration , in cross - strait relations and , using the life and property of taiwan compatriots as a chip , engaged in separatist activities .
ideologically and culturally , they attempt to use some hazy concepts , such as " new taiwanese " and " taiwan of the taiwanese " to water down and even obliterate the identification of taiwan compatriots , especially chinese of the younger generation , with the motherland , and sever the ideological and cultural ties between the compatriots on both sides of the strait .
there is only one china in the world ; taiwan is part of the chinese territory ; and china 's territory and sovereignty must not be separated .
on the question of achieving the reunification of the motherland , we do not commit to renouncing the use of force . this is entirely directed at the separatist forces in taiwan and the foreign forces attempting to invade and occupy taiwan .
no matter what the separatist forces in taiwan do , whether creating de facto " two chinas , " openly declaring independence , changing the status of taiwan through " referendum " under the name that " sovereignty lies with the people , " or fomenting splits and seeking independence under any name or by any means - - all this poses an extremely strong challenge to china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
persisting in " taiwan independence " means war between the two sides of the strait .
in the major event that taiwan is separated from china under whatever name , we shall be duty - bound to take drastic measures , including the use of force , to defend china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
this is the strong will of the entire chinese people , as well as the sacred mission shouldered by the chinese people 's liberation army in the struggle to defend state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the one - china principle is the cornerstone of the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan . it is also the focus of the diplomatic struggle waged between china and the united states over the taiwan issue .
$number , upholding the one - china principle is a precondition to the development of sino - us relations .
as everybody knows , the sino - us communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations published $number years ago clearly points out that " the united states of america acknowledges the prc government position that there is but one china and taiwan is part of china , " and that it " recognizes the government of the people 's republic of china as the sole legal government of china . "
it is precisely because of the us commitment to the " one - china " policy that relations between china and the united states have become normalized and developed and the situation surrounding taiwan has become relatively stable in recent years .
also precisely because of this , us policymakers have in recent times been forced to recognize that avoiding the reoccurrence of conflicts and confrontation in the taiwan strait and the unsettling of the foundation of sino - us relations is a prudent choice and is in its best strategic interests .
the united states has reaffirmed its adherence to the one - china principle and its observance of the three joint communiques and the " three - noes " commitment both in its " report on the national security strategy in the new century " published early this year and during $number sino - us defense consultation on $date .
$number , violations of the one - china principle have led to a series of setbacks in sino - us relations .
large amounts of fact have demonstrated that even though the united states has affirmed and reaffirmed its " one china " position all these years , the anti - china forces in the united states have in practice consistently treated taiwan as a political entity , pledging to " improve relations with taiwan . "
particularly , the united states time and again broke its promises to china made in the $date communique and continued to sell advanced weapons and military equipment to taiwan . as a result , sino - us relations went through turbulent periods of ups and downs without mutual trust . this point is very clear if we take a look at the tension in sino - us relations caused by lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui ] visit to the united states .
$number , reaffirming the one - china principle is vitally important to the development of sino - us relations .
this is because there are many hidden perils in us policies toward china .
even as the taiwan relations act continues to cast a dark shadow on sino - us relations , the anti - china forces in the us congress are now clamoring to pass the taiwan security enhancement act .
a number of developments have made people feel that us - taiwan military cooperation is again on the rise . this kind of military security relationship may be raised even to the level of " strategic dialogue . "
this is an extremely dangerous act .
not only is it flagrant interference in china 's internal affairs and a serious threat to china 's security as it obstructs china 's peaceful reunification process , it is also endangering peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and the world as a whole .
precisely because of this , the white paper , " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " has reiterated : " as for the united states , if it promises to follow a one - china policy , it should earnestly implement the three communiques between the chinese and us governments and fulfill the series of promises it has made . it should maintain only cultural , commercial and other non - governmental relations with taiwan ; oppose ' taiwan independence , ' 'two chinas ' or 'one china , one taiwan ' and not to stand in the way of the reunification of china .
while reiterating that our country will continually adhere to the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " the white paper " the one china principle and the taiwan question " also pointed out in absolutely clear terms : should a serious incident resulting in taiwan 's separation from china under whatever pretext take place ; should taiwan be invaded by a foreign country ; or should the taiwan authorities indefinitely reject the peaceful settlement of the question of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , the chinese government would have no choice but be forced to take all possible resolute measures , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and accomplish china 's great cause of reunification .
this has fully reflected the firm resolve of the chinese government and people in opposing " taiwan independence ; eliminating external interference ; settling the taiwan question on their own ; and finally realizing the complete reunification of their motherland .
of the above mentioned " three ifs , " it is fully reasonable regard foreign interference as one of the major obstacles to the peaceful settlement of the taiwan question .
it is known to all that over the past many years , the anti - china forces in the united states have all along offered the taiwan authorities political and military support .
to a certain extent , it could be said that it is us interference that has caused taiwan 's separation from the mainland of the motherland .
since $date , along with the disintegration of the bipolar structure , china has gradually enhanced her international position .
though they have recognized the " one china " principle , the anti - china forces in the united states have still followed a policy of engaging and containing china and have tried to take the taiwan question as a " trump card " in bringing pressure to bear on our country .
though $number years have passed since china and the united states established diplomatic relations , the united states has carried on arms sales to taiwan to date with the result that the taiwan authorities have regarded military strength as a weight for resisting reunification with force .
incomplete statistics showed that in the $number period , the contract value of the us arms sales to taiwan reached almost $ $number . however , in a $number - year period between $number and $number , it rose to as high as $ $number .
besides , the anti - china forces in the united states have also tried to forge closer allied ties with taiwan and have stepped up their efforts aimed at defending taiwan through coordination .
last year , the us congress passed a resolution with an eye on including taiwan in the us tmd [ theater missile defense ] program .
in $date of this year , noisily advocated by some anti - china congressmen , the us house of representatives flagrantly passed a bill called " taiwan security enhancement law " and tried to turn it into a binding document in the form of law .
it is thus clear from the above mentioned facts that the anti - china forces in the united states have never stopped their activities aimed at meddling in the taiwan question and interfering in our country 's internal affairs .
the anti - china forces in the united states are not only the root cause of the taiwan question but also a major external factor for delaying the settlement of the taiwan question for a long time .
settling the taiwan question and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland as early as possible is where the fundamental interests of the whole chinese people , including the taiwan people , lie and is beneficial to the sino - us relations development for a long time to come .
the chinese people are unwilling to see a conflict breaking out between china and the united states due to the us interference on the taiwan question and this conforms with not only the interests of the chinese people but also the interests of the american people .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - fu quanyou , member of the central military commission and chief of general staff of the people 's liberation army (pla) of china , emphatically pointed out here today that he hopes that the us government will proceed from the overall interests of sino - us relations and prevent another setback in the relations between the two countries and two armed forces , which have shown a trend of resumption and improvement .
during a meeting with dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the pacific command of the us armed forces in the " $date " building , fu quanyou said : we hope that the us government will proceed from the strategic height of maintaining regional peace and stability , and take decisively effective measures to prevent congress from passing the taiwan security enhancement act bill . [ original xinhua version omitted word " bill . " ] fu quanyou pointed out : sino - us relations are right now at an important period which faces both opportunities for improvement and development and problems calling for urgent handling , and the taiwan issue is a key one .
at the same time , fu quanyou indicated that blair and his group is $number high - ranking military delegation to formally visit china since sino - us relations took an unexpected turn last year and that it marks the resumption of senior military exchanges and the return of bilateral army relations to the normal track , adding that " we express our satisfaction over this . "
blair said that his visit is a major step in resuming army - to - army relations .
he reiterated his government 's stance of sticking to the " one - china " policy .
deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai was present at the meeting .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at a meeting today with dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the pacific command of the us armed forces , chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councilor , and minister of national defense , stressed that the chinese government 's basic policy for resolving the taiwan issue is still " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems . " in addition , the chinese government will never promise giving up the use of force .
he said the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " manifested the chinese government 's consistent stand on the taiwan issue and reflected all chinese people 's aspiration . the great cause of china 's reunification is irresistible .
blair and his entourage is $number high - level us military delegation to visit china officially since us - led nato bombed the chinese embassy in the federal republic of yugoslavia in $date .
chi haotian urged the united states to handle the taiwan issue appropriately by strictly adhering to the principles and relevant commitments established in the three sino - us joint communiques , stop arms sales to taiwan , and do things that truly promote the great cause of china 's reunification .
he also stressed that china has all along been pursuing a foreign policy of peace and independence and advocating resolving differences among countries peacefully through consultations and dialogue on an equal footing .
china hopes that peace , stability , and development of the world will be maintained . china will never constitute a threat to the united states .
blair said that china and the united states share common interests in safeguarding peace and development in the asia - pacific region and the world at large .
the united states upholds the principle of one china .
xiong guangkai , deputy chief of general staff of the people 's liberation army , was present at the meeting .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - with an expanding population and a rapid economic and social development , shortage of water resources has become increasingly severe in china , which is an enormous threat to china 's future sustainable development .
at a national conference of heads of water resources departments and bureaus held here , wang shucheng , minister of water resources , indicated that the problem of water resources shortage in china is by now fully exposed . some localities face acute problems with regard to supply and demand of water resources . areas where water is in short supply have expanded and the extent of shortage has become more severe .
it was learned that an average of approximately $number mu of cultivated land is afflicted by drought in china each year .
during ordinary years , the amount of water shortage in irrigated areas across the country is $number cubic meters per year and in urban areas is $number cubic meters .
the total amount of waste water produced each year is nearly $number tonnes , $number percent of which was discharged directly into water areas without being processed .
investigation and evaluation of china 's $number key rivers shows that nearly $number percent of river stretches and $number percent of urban riverside water areas are polluted .
wang shucheng maintained that the water resource situation is also an important factor restricting grand western development .
western regions , especially the northwestern region , have vast expanses of land , a shortage of water resources , severe water and soil erosion , and an extremely fragile ecological environment .
as a result , water resources are resources of the greatest strategic significance in western regions . developing and using water resources rationally is an important part of implementing the grand western development plan .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at today 's news conference , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said : we welcome prime minister barak 's recent positive statement on israel 's return of the golan heights , and hope this stance is conducive to promoting new progress in syria - israel peace talks .
he said : china supports the middle east peace process and hopes relevant sides will speed up the peace talks on the basis of relevant un resolutions and the " land - for - peace " principle , so as to achieve full peace in the middle east at an early date for the benefit of people of various countries in the region .
warning : topic : international political [ article by yin hongzhu and li kai : " prc vice premier qian qichen says at $number plenary session of $number all - china federation of returned overseas chinese in beijing on $date that china 's position has always been that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely " ] [ fbis translated text ] $number plenary session of $number all - china federation of returned overseas chinese was held in beijing today .
politburo member and vice premier qian qichen addressed the meeting , noting that : that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , is the consistent chinese position , nothing new .
the work of the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese must serve the general principles and policies of the party and the state , serving our three major missions focused on economy building , and stimulating the initiative of the masses of overseas chinese both in china and abroad , for a wholehearted and active contribution to the renaissance of the chinese nation .
qian qichen said that : the great cause of the peaceful reunification of the motherland has always been a major matter of most concern among overseas chinese .
the white paper that we issued recently on the one - china principle aroused widespread attention internationally , bringing a zealous response from the masses of overseas chinese .
after the white paper was issued , certain foreign media held that china 's policy on solving the taiwan problem had changed sharply , which is not so .
our policy on " peaceful reunification under one country , two systems " has not changed , with president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal remaining unchanged , all of which was stated quite clearly in the white paper .
as to the fact that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , that is also the consistent chinese position , nothing new .
qian qichen said that : as long ago as $date , comrade deng xiaoping noted clearly in a speech that : " while we insist on pursuing a peaceful solution of the taiwan problem , we will never renounce the possibility of a non - peaceful solution , which commitment we cannot make .
if the taiwan authorities forever refuse to negotiate with us , what are we to do ?
how could we renounce national reunification ? "
qian qichen said that : we issued the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem , " noting that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , precisely to promote the development of cross - strait relations , to spur the taiwan authorities to sit down in dialogue and negotiation with us .
qian qichen affirmed in his address the outstanding accomplishments of the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese and its overall $number work requirements .
he said that : since the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese is a mass organization led by the party , its work has to rely on its own vitality .
the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese has proposed placing its $number work focus on better " organization and dynamism , " which new substance is very good .
$date is a " grassroots organization - building year " for the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese , the organization in all areas needs to organize a series of actions , expanding contacts with the relatives of returned overseas chinese and our overseas chinese compatriots , to bring into better play the bridging and linking role of the organization .
we need to focus on the key strategic plans for national economic development , mobilizing the advantage of overseas chinese resources to the service of the strategies of revitalizing china through science and education and sharply developing western china .
we need to establish widespread contacts with s & t talent among returned overseas chinese , their relatives , and our overseas chinese compatriots , to build a go - between bridge for the work of the new generation of returned overseas chinese and s & t academic interaction .
and we need to stress the good attraction of capital , technology , and intelligence , for a contribution to the development of central and western china and the s & t cause .
all - china federation of returned overseas chinese chairman lin zhaoshu gave a work report at the meeting .
and some of the members who attended the plenary session held a forum today on the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem . "
when holding group deliberations on a draft work report of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , personnel attending the $number meeting of $number npc standing committee today opined that the npc standing committee had , in accordance with the authority and duties endowed upon them by the constitution and the law , done vigorous pioneering and solid work in the past year to make new progress in legislation , supervision , and various other work .
committee chairman li peng took part in today 's group deliberations .
during their group deliberations , all attendees affirmed the npc standing committee 's work in the past year and held that the draft work report 's summary of last year 's work was based on facts , and in appropriate measure .
yang xingfu and other committee members said : last year the npc standing committee carried out forceful and in - depth legislative work , guaranteeing and promoting the development of various undertakings by establishing and perfecting relevant laws and systems . this was conducive to reform , development , and stability in the country .
hong fuzeng , zhang xiao , and other committee members indicated : supervisory work occupied an important place in the npc standing committee 's work in the past year ; inspections of law enforcement became even more to the point and more efficient ; and the actual effect of supervision was clearly enhanced .
committee member zhang huaixi said : viewed from a broad perspective , the npc standing committee 's work in the past year was innovative and had an actual effect .
when drawing up laws , particularly those closely related to the interests of the masses of the people , the npc standing committee extensively solicited the opinions of all quarters to really put together popular wisdom . the chairman and vice chairmen of the standing committee carried out in - depth investigation and study and did a lot of work for the formulation of major laws , receiving the people 's positive affirmation .
the people were satisfied with the npc standing committee 's legislative work last year .
during their deliberations , many committee members held that the standing committee has all along conscientiously accepted the party 's leadership over people 's congress work and organically integrated the supervision over and support for the government , the people 's court , and the people 's procuratorate to promote administration according to law and impartial administration of justice . at the same time , it strengthened its ties with the masses of the people as well as local people 's congresses and conscientiously accepted supervision by the masses of the people and made joint efforts with them to advance the development of the country 's democracy and legal system .
the committee members put forward many opinions and suggestions on the contents of the draft work report that concern work and tasks for the year ahead .
gu shanqing and other committee members suggested that it is essential to normalize legislative activities and constantly improve the efficiency and quality of legislative work in order to accomplish the arduous tasks of legislation .
in legislative work , care should be taken to remove departmental colors , to prevent and avoid the interference of departmental interests and protectionism , and to conscientiously uphold impartiality and fairness of the law .
some other committee members opined that in inspecting law enforcement it is necessary to further improve the ways of inspection so as to really be able to carry out inspections without pomps and strictly avoid formalism .
$number npc standing committee today also held group deliberations on the draft agenda for $number session of $number npc and other matters .
the three - day $number session of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] $number national committee standing committee ended this afternoon in beijing .
li ruihuan , member of the cpc central committee political bureau [ politburo ] and cppcc chairman , presided over the meeting this afternoon .
with the joint efforts of everyone , he said , the cppcc standing committee session successfully completed the planned agenda , making ample preparations for the upcoming $number session of the cppcc $number national committee .
he stressed that $number session of the cppcc $number national committee is an important meeting at the turn of the century .
the session is of great significance for the conclusion and beginning of cppcc undertakings at the end of this century and for the next century and for the promotion of the cross - century development of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
li expressed the hope that all cppcc members and standing committee members would work with collective wisdom and concerted efforts in order to turn the session into a meeting of democracy , practical - mindedness , unity , and agitation .
a report by cppcc secretary general zheng wantong summarizing group discussions was heard at the session .
attending the session were cppcc vice chairmen ye xuanping , yang rudai , wang zhaoguo , ngapoi ngawang jigme , lu jiaxi , ren jianxin , song jian , li guixian , chen junsheng , zhang siqing , qian zhengying , sun fuling , zhu guangya , wan guoquan , hu qili , chen jinhua , zhao nanqi , mao zhiyong , bai lichen , luo haocai , zhang kehui , zhou tienong , and wang wenyuan .
new york , $date ( xinhua ) - - in recent years , the us government has released annual human rights reports , in which it claims to be an " international human rights defender " and castigates other countries for " violating human rights . "
however , the us government has remained silent about the human rights situation in its own country .
the " $number country reports on human rights practices " released by the us state department on $date , which finds fault with the human rights conditions in some $number countries , has provoked a chorus of condemnation from many countries .
the day before , the new york state supreme court had rendered a verdict acquitting four white police officers who had fatally shot amadou diallo , an innocent black man .
us human rights records in the past were well - documented , and the current human rights situation in the united states is obvious to all .
$date , the beating of a black youth by white police officers in los angeles set off a massive wave of protests ; several years later , diallo , an immigrant from guinea , was brutally shot to death , but the four white police officers got off with impunity .
diallo , who immigrated to the united states with his parents $date , ran a roadside kiosk in new york .
his work visa had expired , and he was about to renew it .
on the night of $date , the four plainclothes police officers simultaneously fired $number shots at him , after arbitrarily concluding that he was " acting suspiciously " and was about to " pull a gun " from his pocket , causing the $number - year - old black young man to collapse in a pool of blood .
after the incident , only a wallet was found in diallo 's pocket ; there was no gun whatsoever .
after a yearlong trial , the court found the four police officers not guilty .
this has inevitably aroused strong displeasure among the public .
as a matter of fact , the diallo incident was by no means an isolated case .
according to us reports , $date , $number people accused the chicago police of wantonly resorting to violence , and $number complaints are filed against the police in san francisco each year . and los angeles is asking itself : " why has police conduct gotten so bad ? "
wanton application of violence by the police is only one example of how americans ' civil rights are being trampled upon .
although us law contains anti - racial discrimination clauses , racial discrimination is a bad old habit that dies hard in the united states .
in real life , people of minority groups face unfair treatment in employment , promotion , and many other areas .
it is no wonder that , upon learning of the court verdict in the diallo case , angry crowds shouted : " there is no fairness and justice to speak of " in the united states .
champions of the rights and interests of african - americans have said that they would take mass protests to washington d.c. , in an effort to press the federal government to take practical measures to protect civil rights .
the federal bureau of investigation and the justice department have promised an investigation into the trial of the diallo case .
people are waiting for a fair conclusion .
the diallo case has once again shown that the " international human rights defender " is trampling upon human rights .
the us government should seriously review its own human rights situation and should refrain from grossly interfering in the internal affairs of other countries in the name of " protecting human rights . "
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao today expressed indignation at accusations on hong kong 's human rights situation made by the united states regardless of actual facts .
the us department of state 's human rights report recently made accusations on hong kong 's human rights situation .
zhu bangzao said that after hong kong 's reversion , china 's central government and the hong kong special administrative region [ hksar ] government implemented the policy of " one country , two systems , " " hong kong people governing hong kong , " and a high degree of autonomy .
protected by the basic law , the broad masses of hong kong people continue to enjoy extensive human rights , democracy , and freedom , a fact widely acknowledged by the international community .
he pointed out that accusations on hong kong 's human rights situation made by the us department of state 's human rights report regardless of actual facts is without justification whatsoever [ hao wu dao li de $number $number $number $number $number ] .
the hksar government and people of all circles in hong kong have criticized the report .
the spokesman indicated very sternly that it is most inappropriate for the us side to make wanton comments on [ shuo san dao si $number $number $number $number ] and unwarranted interference in [ heng jia gan yu $number $number $number $number ] hksar 's internal affairs .
he said the chinese government expresses its firm opposition to that .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - speaking here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refuted taiwan 's distorted statement that " there is one china , with each side having its own interpretation , " and offered a detailed explanation in this respect .
he pointed out that no separatist schemes could possibly succeed .
some people in taiwan have said that cross - strait relations should return to the $number stance that " there is one china , with each side having its own interpretation . "
zhu bangzao said : this argument is a distortion of the consensus reached by the two sides at that time .
he said : on $date , the mainland 's association for relations across the taiwan strait [ arats ] and taiwan 's strait exchange foundation [ sef ] reached the consensus that " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one - china principle , " a position that the two sides expressed orally in different formulations during negotiations on routine matters .
the specific formulation employed by arats is : " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one - china principle and strive for national reunification .
however , negotiations on routine matters between the two sides of the taiwan strait did not touch on the political meaning of one china . " the specific formulation employed by the sef is : " during the process of jointly pursuing national reunification , the two sides of the taiwan strait , while upholding the one - china principle , have different understandings of the meaning of one china . "
the spokesman pointed out : that the two sides used different formulations to indicate that they both uphold the one - china principle is a consensus . however , they did not discuss the meaning of one china , let alone reach a consensus .
he pointed out : the distortion by relevant people in taiwan of the consensus on " one china " into " one china , with each side having its own interpretation " is not consistent with the actual situation ; its purpose is to slip in separatist views in the name of different interpretations .
zhu bangzao solemnly asserted that no attempts to split taiwan from china could possibly succeed .
at the foreign ministry 's news briefing today , zhu bangzao repeatedly reiterated the chinese government 's principled stand on the taiwan issue . he once again exhorted the us government to honor its commitments to the chinese government on the taiwan issue and to do its best to prevent the taiwan security enhancement act from becoming law .
he once again said that the white paper recently released by the chinese side is yet another comprehensive exposition that china offers to the international community on its principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue .
he expressed the hope that the international community would fully understand this .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao indicated here today that the sino - japanese fishery agreement took effect recently [ ri qian sheng xiao $number $number $number $number ] .
besides , china welcomes the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] to improve and develop its relations with western developed countries .
zhu bangzao indicated that the new sino - japanese fishery agreement was signed in $date .
chen yaobang , chinese minister of agriculture , and tokuichiro tamazawa , japanese agriculture , forestry , and fisheries minister , had just held talks and reached a consensus on when the agreement should take effect .
commenting on the australian government 's intention to send a delegation to the dprk to discuss the issue of normalizing bilateral relations , zhu bangzao said china welcomes the dprk to improve and develop relations with developed countries , especially western countries .
he expressed hopes that the visit will benefit peace , stability , and development on the korean peninsula .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao indicated here today that $number asia - pacific human rights seminar - - a cooperative effort between the chinese government and the un high commissioner for human rights office - - will open in beijing on $date .
the chinese government is cooperating with the un high commissioner for human rights office to hold $number asia - pacific human rights seminar in beijing on $date .
mrs. mary robinson , un high commissioner for human rights , will attend the seminar on invitation .
mrs. robinson will meet qian qichen , vice premier of the state council , during her stay in beijing .
relevant leaders of the foreign affairs committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the ministry of foreign affairs will separately hold talks with her to exchange views on issues of mutual concern , including cooperation between the two sides .
zhu bangzao indicated that china attaches importance to the important role played by the un high commissioner for human rights in the area of human rights . commenting on china 's appropriate ratification of the two human rights convenants , zhu bangzao said the chinese government respects the universal principle on individual rights and has all along commended the two un human rights convenants .
since signing the two convenants , relevant departments of the chinese government have actively prepared for the ratification of the two convenants and have conducted massive , comprehensive , and meticulous study on the contents of the convenants .
while doing that , the chinese side had numerous exchanges with western countries on issues concerning the ratification and enforcement of the convenants .
all these show that the chinese side adopts a serious and responsible attitude toward the ratification of the two convenants .
zhu bangzao said : at present , the chinese government has already submitted a proposal to the npc on the ratification of the convenant on economic , social , and cultural rights .
as for the international convenant on civil and political rights , relevant departments of the chinese government are currently studying it in detail .
at the invitation of the chinese military , admiral blair , commander - in - chief of the pacific command of the us armed forces , is visiting china $date .
zhu bangzao said the visit is part of a consensus reached with the us side on the sino - us military exchange program $date when deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai visited washington at the beginning of the year .
zhu bangzao said that , during his visit in china , admiral blair will meet chinese military leaders and hold consultations with deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai on sino - us military exchanges and on regional and international issues of mutual concern .
blair will also visit nanjing during his china visit .
the large part of the agenda of $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , which will open on $date , concerns china 's economic and financial budget situations , such as hearing and deliberating on zhu rongji 's government work report , examining and approving the report on the execution of the $number national economic and social development program and the national economic and social development program for $number , and examining the report on the execution of the $number central budget and the central budget for $number .
reports on china 's economic and financial budget situations will be provided to npc deputies and members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , and chinese and foreign media also will be given relevant information , so the reports will be quite transparent .
the " report on work of the government , " to be delivered by premier zhu rongji , is an authoritative document reflecting china 's latest political and economic situation , and has already received attention at home and abroad .
it is expected that the report will sum up china 's development experience $date , set forth the government 's general administrative program for $number , and provide prospects for china 's intermediate - and long - term development .
according to initial revelations , continuing to increase domestic demand , carrying out structural adjustments , pressing ahead with the great development of the western region , deepening reform of state - owned enterprises , stepping up efforts to rejuvenate the country by promoting science and education , and improving the social welfare and insurance systems , will be the vital parts of the report .
the " report on work of the government " and reports on the state 's plan and financial budget will contain last year 's economic development situation and this year 's development targets .
according to the state statistics bureau 's initial forecast , china 's gdp $date was $number yuan ( renminbi ; same for the following ) . computing using comparable prices , it was $number percent higher than the year before , reaching the set growth target .
an economist of the chinese academy of social sciences revealed that the gdp growth target for $number also will be set at $number percent .
recently , based on estimates , relevant departments of the state put forward three optional proposals - - setting growth at $number percent , $number percent , or $number percent .
in deciding on which of these figures was to be adopted , central leaders mainly considered two principles : economic growth must be maintained at a certain level to solve the employment problem ; economic growth must yield beneficial results and be of good quality and must not contain empty figures [ bubble and water ] .
they were of the opinion that $number percent is a sure and positive target which china completely has the requirements to achieve , and it will be possible to exceed this target in practice .
relevant reports also will analyze whether the current domestic and international situations are favorable for china to achieve its economic growth target .
an initial analysis showed that currently the international economic situation has turned for the better ; in particular , the economies of asian countries and regions affected by the financial crisis will further recover .
this situation will have a positive effect on china 's foreign trade growth .
besides , china will enter the wto some time in the middle of this year , and this also is a good news for china 's exports .
considering these factors , it is expected that china 's exports growth will be higher than last year , and the growth probably will approach $number percent .
inventories have dropped , enterprises ' economic results have improved , growth of the new - and high - technology and information industry has accelerated , the drop in prices has slowed down , and social consumption has increased steadily .
judging from these situations , the overall environment of this year 's economic work is good . the negative factors are that currently demand for essential goods is insufficient and the employment pressure has increased and probably will be quite reduced as the international economic situation has further turned for the better and as the effect and results of the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control measures gradually come into play .
most economists have been of the view that economic growth of $number percent for this year is attainable ; if things go smoothly , it is possible to reach $number percent .
in relevant reports , it also will be announced that a positive financial policy will be implemented this year - - $number consecutive year . by issuing treasury bonds , the state will make financial investments to increase domestic demand and ensure economic growth .
currently , the proportion of treasury bonds to the gdp has not reached the internationally - accepted alert level and prices have stayed relatively stable , therefore a debt crisis and deterioration of inflation will not occur .
in their reports to the upcoming npc session , chinese officials will express optimism on keeping the exchange rates of the renminbi stable .
in the foreseeable future , not only will the renminbi not devalue , but there will be room of its appreciation .
although the increase in foreign investment in china dropped to some extent last year , the amount still stayed at the $ $number level .
following the end of the asian financial crisis and in expectation of china 's wto entry , foreign companies ' enthusiasm in investing in china will greatly increase this year .
this assures a continued surplus in china 's international payments and for maintaining the stability of the renminbi rate of exchange .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the central military commission (cmc) recently transmitted the " opinions on extensively carrying out the science and technology training of troops to comprehensively increase the troops ' ability to win in a high - tech war " put forward by the general staff headquarters , and urged all officers and men of the armed forces to make clear the new trends of development of the world 's military revolution , increase the sense of responsibility of performing sacred missions , strive to promote the in - depth development of the science and technology training of troops , and comprehensively increase the troops ' ability to win in a high - tech war .
the cmc pointed out that the " opinions on extensively carrying out the science and technology training of troops to comprehensively increase the troops ' ability to win in a high - tech war " put forward by the general staff headquarters have seriously implemented chairman jiang zemin 's important instructions on making the armed forces strong by means of science and technology and carrying out the science and technology training of troops , comprehensively analyzed the situation facing national security and military struggle , made a deep summary of the new experience in military training in the new period , and provided the basis for deeply carrying out the science and technology training of troops in the entire armed forces .
the cmc emphasized that winning in a high - tech war in the future and maintaining the nature , characteristics and style of the people 's armed forces are the highest political demands of the party on the people 's armed forces in the new period , and are also two historical tasks facing the improvement of the quality of our armed forces .
the science and technology training of troops is the practice of using modern science and technology for organization and training and is the fundamental way to increase the combat effectiveness of troops in the contemporary time .
the entire armed force must fully understand the great significance of the science and technology training of troops , regard it as an urgent strategic task to prepare for military struggle in the new period , make efforts to increase the troops ' ability to win , and promote a leap in quality in the troops ' combat effectiveness through constantly deepening the science and technology training of troops .
the " opinions " demanded the entire armed forces should promote the in - depth development of the science and technology training of troops through carrying out reform and renovation on the basis of inheriting and carrying forward the fine traditions of our armed forces , and should make great efforts to renovate military theories and the contents , methods and mechanisms of training , and to make breakthroughs in crucial issues of the science and technology training of troops to promote the in - depth development of such training .
in the science and technology training of troops , it is necessary to put training on joint operation in an outstanding position , improve the mechanisms for joint operation , lay a solid foundation for joint operation , and deeply explore methods for training in joint campaigns .
the " opinions " demanded that units at all levels should mainly and properly grasp the building of the four contingents of commanders , staff personnel , professional technical personnel and instructors , especially the training and bringing up of a large number of military commanding personnel with high comprehensive quality and great ability to carry out renovation .
it is necessary to earnestly strengthen the organization of , and the guidance to , the science and technology training of troops , grasp the correct direction for such training , increase the combined strength as a whole in the science and technology training of troops , speed up the conversion of new achievements in the science and technology training of troops to combat effectiveness , attach importance to and strengthen political work in the science and technology training of troops , fully arouse the enthusiasm and creativeness of the broad masses of officers and men , and maintain a sustained propelling force for the science and technology training of troops .
moscow , $date ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan , currently on an official visit to russia , held talks with russian counterpart igor ivanov on $date .
both sides exchanged views on sino - russian relations and other international issues of interest to both sides in a cordial and friendly atmosphere [ zai qin qie you hao de qi fen zhong $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] .
tang jiaxuan said : in recent years , china and russia have cooperated very well in broad fields of endeavor and their strategic cooperation expanded continuously with noticeable results .
the chinese side expressed satisfaction with and highly appraised this development .
we are pleased to see that the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership has continued maintaining a sound development momentum as the world moves into the new millennium .
as two powers wielding major influence , the strengthened cooperation between china and russia not only conforms to the fundamental interests of the two countries , it is also of great significance to the progress of a multi - polar world and the establishment of a just and reasonable new world order .
china would work together with russia to inherit and carry forward all the precious wealth the two countries have accumulated to promote bilateral cooperation in various fields to a new high .
ivanov , for his part , expressed his warm welcome for tang jiaxuan 's $number visit to russia and believed that the visit would further promote russian - chinese ties .
he said : russia is satisfied with the strategic cooperation with china .
bilateral relations have reached a level of mutual trust . both sides should make more efforts to implement the agreements reached by the top leaders of the two countries .
russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov will visit china shortly and discuss with his hosts bilateral cooperation in the fields of politics , economy and trade . he expressed the hope that klebanov 's trip will achieve positive results .
tang jiaxuan said : china has always advocated and supported the overall development of bilateral cooperation in various areas and believes that strengthening cooperation in the areas will benefit both sides . china maintains that both sides should promote cooperation in specific areas and help supply each other 's needs with their own strong points in line with their actual needs and possibilities .
he believed that so long as the two sides work together on the spirit of mutual trust and mutual benefit , such cooperation in specific areas will have very bright vistas and will surely bring about more benefits to the two countries and their peoples .
china attaches great importance to deputy prime minister klebanov 's upcoming visit to china . he believes the visit would enhance the overall development of bilateral cooperation in various fields .
both sides unanimously agreed that high - level exchanges have an irreplaceable role in continuously pushing forward the bilateral strategic partnership .
they exchanged views on the exchange of mutual visits by top leaders this year .
tang jiaxuan reiterated the chinese government 's support for the russian government 's stance on the chechen issue and the actions taken in fighting separatism and religious extremism .
ivanov expressed his high appreciation for china 's just stance on the chechen issue .
he reiterated that russia would unswervingly stick to the one - china policy ; support the early reunification of china ; and better cooperate with china on the taiwan issue .
both sides voiced their resolute rejection of such arguments as " human rights being higher than sovereignty " and " humanitarian intervention , " and maintained that the right of the people of a country to choose their country 's social system and path of development in line with its own situation should be respected .
the two ministers also discussed other regional and international issues and reached broad consensus .
they pledged to further strengthen cooperation in international affairs .
at the end of their meeting , the two ministers signed the " agreement of the governments of the people 's republic of china and the russian federation on exchange of visits by citizens " on behalf their own governments .
chinese ambassador wu tao and russian deputy foreign minister ivan sergeyev also signed the " accord of the governments of the people 's republic of china and the russian federation on exemption of group travel visas . "
tang jiaxuan arrived in moscow the evening of $date and thus started his official visit to russia .
russia 's acting president vladimir putin was scheduled to meet foreign minister tang jiaxuan on $date .
lhasa , $date ( xinhua ) - - purbu zhoima , director of the tibet autonomous regional family planning commission , said to xinhua reporters today : " the government of the tibet autonomous region has never interfered in or restrained tibetan women 's rights to give birth .
the government has no policy that sets a quota for the number of children tibetan women may have , nor does it force women to have abortions or undergo sterilization procedures . " she said : " overseas media reported that ' tibet is pursuing a policy to force married women to abort or to be sterilized after having $number births . '
purbu zhoima said : in view of the unique natural , historical , social , and economic background of the population development in tibet and its specific evolution process , tibet 's provisional management procedures on family planning stipulate : " tibet pursues on a trial basis a principle of adherence to spreading propaganda on birth control , quality service , and voluntary choice . "
specifically , married couples who are cadres and staff members and workers of the han nationality working in tibet should follow the one - child policy . tibetan cadres and staff members and workers are encouraged to bear fewer children , rear children in scientific ways or give birth at intervals ; couples who already have two children are encouraged not to give birth any more ; and there is no family planning policy for the broad masses of tibetan farmers and herdsmen .
she stressed : " most tibetan women in the rural and pastoral areas now choose to have two or three children while the educated women prefer one child , because their concept of having children has undergone changes and more and more people attach greater importance to rational childbearing . "
dixing , a $number - year - old woman in the rural area of nedong county in tibet has $number children .
she said that having too many children constituted a very heavy burden to the family .
yang zhin , a $number - year - old official who works with the lhasa city taxation bureau , said : " as a tibetan , i enjoy the right to have more children than the han people , but i am reluctant to have more than one or two children in the future because i want to improve the quality of my life . "
an official of the state family planning commission said : " china advocates that the ethnic people should also carry out family planning , but the birth policy for them is more lenient than that for the han people .
it is generally stipulated that people of a minority nationality that has a sparse population and live in frontier regions and the areas with harsh natural conditions can have three or more children . there are no restrictions on having children for tibetan farmers and herdsmen in the tibet autonomous region . "
according to $number statistics , there are $number married women of childbearing age in tibet , $number percent of whom have three or more children .
reportedly , china 's armed forces staged five large - scale military exercises codenamed " chun " [ $number spring ] in the southern waters , north china plain , and the northwest plateau over the past two months .
the most conspicuous ones include the " chen chun " [ $number $number morning spring ] exercise conducted by the submarine troops composed of the three fleets , and the " ming chun " [ $number $number bright spring ] joint air - land offensive exercise carried out by the four military regions in north china .
military figures say that the features of " chen chun " and " ming chun " are aimed at attacking us aircraft carriers .
on $date , a joint submarine unit composed of the navy 's north china sea fleet , east china sea fleet , and south china sea fleet , started a long - distance navigation exercise codenamed " chen chun , " and launched long - range torpedoes to attack large sea targets , thus unveiling a prelude to the military exercises in the year $number .
joint exercise using new flying leopard missiles navy commander shi yunsheng personally embarked on a ship to inspect the exercise . the submarines were improved model vessels capable of simultaneously launching five anti - jamming torpedoes , sufficient to blow up a $number - ton large ship .
the $number group army of the nanjing military region , the $number group army of the jinan military region , the $number group army of the beijing military region , and the $number group army of the shenyang military region , jointly conducted an offensive exercise codednamed " ming chun " in north china on $date .
the fbc-1 ( flying leopard ) fighter - bombers , which went into service last $date , were used for $number time in the " ming chun " exercise to cover the offensives of the armored troops .
in - flight refueling to coordinate long - distance flight in early $date , $number artillery and the airforce carried out the " yang chun [ $number $number spring season ] $number " and " yang chun $number " exercises , respectively , in the northwest province of qinghai and southwest province of sichuan . a number of new missiles and hi - tech weapons were used for $number time in the exercises . the ultra - sonic missiles could destroy large - scale ground targets $number km away and the explosive force was equivalent to $number tons of tnt .
on $date , the airforce of the jinan military region used a number of jets to conduct the cross - sea exercise codenamed " chang chun . " air refueling aircraft were used in the exercise to support the fighters ' long - distance flight .
the air refueling aircraft of china 's airforce , a new model aircraft improved from the $number - d bomber , was on display for $number time at the national day parade on $date last year .
a figure from beijing 's military circles said that in coordination with " yang chun $number " and " yang chun $number , " the " chen chun " exercise is aimed at actual combat and hi - tech warfare in the future , and is based on dealing with us aircraft carriers with assurance .
the military figure pointed out that china has studied ways to deal with aircraft carriers for seven to eight years . viewed from the latest achievements , if a war starts across the taiwan straits , there probably will be no aircraft carriers that cannot be sunk .
in recent exercises against aircraft carriers conducted by the three armed services of china , two ace weapons were used . one was the latest china - made fbc - feibao [ flying leopard ] fighter - bomber , and the other was said to the be the latest china - made conventionally powered submarine , which was believed to be the $number attack submarine put into service $date ( named by the west as the " song " - class submarine ) .
material indicates that the fbc-1 fighter - bomber has four external hanging points for different missile groups as needed for different kinds of operation , including air - to - air missiles , air - to - ground missiles , air - to - ship missiles , and various kinds of rocket bombs , incendiary bombs and blast shells .
" feibao " can be favorably compared with the f-16 . its load of bombs , range , speed and electronic equipment is far better than other fighter planes in the service of the chinese air force .
the radar equipment on the fbc-1 can be favorably compared with that of the f-16 , made by the united states , and phantom-2000 fighter planes , made by france , in taiwan .
the heads - down radar on fbc-1 works under all weather with the capacity of quick recognition , auto tracking , and anti - collision during minimum altitude flying . its search range is $number km and its firing control range is $number km . its comprehensive electronic interference system can also interfere in the radar and missiles of the enemy , making them ineffective .
regarding the $number conventionally powered submarine , its performance is $number only to the kilo - class submarines imported from russia in the chinese navy .
the displacement of the " song " - class attack submarine is $number tonnes , its maximum underwater speed is $number knots , and its noise is the lowest of the submarines in the chinese navy .
the $number is quite completely equipped with weapons , and is capable of launching at its full depth linear - guided [ xian dao $number $number ] torpedoes and anti - ship missiles , and of laying mines .
it is equipped with china 's latest yu-5 and yu-4 torpedoes for effectively dealing with nuclear submarines .
the effective range of launching underwater attacks from the $number is $number km . it has also been said that china is carrying out research on developing " yingji-2 [ eagle 's attack-2 ] " missiles with a range of $number km , which is to be carried on the $number .
this time , the chinese navy said it has successfully made long - range attacks with a submarine . this makes people guess whether or not the " yingji-2 " missiles have already been successfully developed and placed on submarines .
i have recently seen two items ; one reported how a student of senior two in jinhua city no. $number middle school in zhejiang killed his mother with a hammer because he could not bear his position in class and the pressure from his parents ; the other reported how two students of qiaotou town middle school in yongjia county of wenzhou city in zhejiang hacked a fellow student to death in an extortion case .
today 's guangming ribao also reports that the parent of a student in anyang city , henan , took some people to beat up the class teacher because the student had not been assessed " three good " and made a young pioneers team leader .
i also saw some reports like this before , and they are really shocking and cause me deep reflection .
correctly guiding and helping the healthy growth of youths and juveniles to enable them to achieve all - round moral , academic , physical , and artistic development is a major issue with a bearing on the orientation of the development of education in china .
we comrades of the standing committee and the responsible comrades of the sectors concerned must seriously ponder this issue and adopt effective and practical measures to enhance and improve education work .
since the founding of new china , the party and government have attached great importance to developing the people 's education and devoted great efforts to it ; there have been tremendous developments in china 's education and large numbers of outstanding talented people have been trained for socialist construction .
before the liberation , $number percent of the population of $number were illiterate , and very few people were educated .
china now has a population of $number , $number of whom are at school .
this is an amazing achievement .
education is systems engineering ; to continually enhance the quality and standards of education , we must not only step up education in cultural knowledge for the students but also tangibly step up their ideological and political education , moral education , discipline education , and education in the legal system .
as " architects of the human soul , " teachers must not only teach well but also cultivate their students well , and be paragons of virtue and learning .
strengthening and improving education work is not only the business of the schools and education departments ; the home and all aspects of society must be concerned for and support this work .
only by strengthening all - round management with all sectors working in concert and forming a social environment favorable to the healthy physical and mental development of young students can the younger generation grow up in sturdy fashion .
most homes now have only one child , and their living conditions have improved ; it is natural that the parents " hope their children will succeed in life , " and that their sons and daughters can be better educated .
our schools and education departments , the party , and the other state departments must pay attention to their work , guide in the right direction the parents ' urgent hope that their sons and daughters will grow up to be talented , the teachers ' mood for teaching and cultivating people , and the students ' enthusiasm for study , and comprehensively enhance the quality of our youngsters .
we absolutely cannot bring about certain negative or even reverse consequences as a result of improper handling of these issues . the burdens on some students are too heavy at present , and this forms very great mental pressure on them .
this does not benefit the healthy growth of young students .
in addition certain schools and localities have got a relatively good grasp of academic education for the students and of building up school equipment , but are rather slack in conducting education in morals and ideology , discipline , and legal system , and also as regards students ' out - of - school activities ; certain students have come under bad influences in society , and some have even embarked on the path of violating the law and committing crime .
these problems must arouse a high degree of attention from the party committees , government , and education departments at all levels ; it is essential to get a good grasp of education work without the slightest slackening , especially education in morals and ideology , discipline and legal system , and activities inside and outside the school and the classroom .
it is right that the schools and the homes demand and encourage youngsters to study intensively and assiduously ; unless they assiduously study and temper themselves , it is very hard for young people to grow up , but there must be correct guiding ideas and teaching methods .
in olden times , there were stories of assiduous study in which the students had to tie their hair to a beam to keep from nodding off , or prod themselves awake with an awl in the thigh , knock a hole in the wall to let in light , collect snow and bag fireflies [ ji xue nang ying , $number $number $number $number ] , and burn chaff to give some light ; the main intention was to teach young students to establish a good style of study .
if the methods are incorrect or inappropriate , the results will be the opposite to what one wishes .
there are many lessons in this respect , and we should take warning from them .
we cannot shut up young students in books and rooms all day ; we must let them take part in some social practice to broaden their vision and enhance their social experience .
schools are important gardens for cultivating talent , and education is a lofty undertaking for the good of society .
in our country , schools at all levels and of all types must seriously implement the education guideline of serving the socialist cause and integration of education with social practice .
it is extremely important to uphold this education guideline amid the complex environment of carrying out reforms , opening up , and developing socialist market economy .
tertiary education is now developing very rapidly in china , and there was a big increase in the number of its students last year .
china has a large population , however , and it is unrealistic for everyone to go to university .
moreover it is not only those who go to university who become talented .
society needs all kinds of talented people .
" all the $number trades produce the very best . "
in feudal times , there were ideas that " the worth of other pursuits is small , the study of books excels them all , " " the wedding night is the time to succeed in the imperial examinations , " and " book study yields a gold palace and the colors of jade . "
these indicated the dregs of feudalist ideology and the limitations of undeveloped economy and society .
we cannot look at the question in this way today .
in $date , china needs to develop knowledge - intensive industries and also still needs to develop labor - intensive industries ; economic construction and social development set a variety of demands on talent .
this is the objective demand of china 's national condition and of all - round economic and social development .
socialist reform , opening up , and modernization provide a broad stage for the growth of the younger generation ; so long as they have the will to contribute their youth to the people , enthusiastically plunge into the great cause of building the motherland , seriously study and master practical knowledge and technical skills , and dedicate their skills and wisdom to the motherland and the people , they will certainly be able to grow up into useful talented people .
they are only receiving basic education in school , and although this basic education is very important , it is after all not a complete education ; one should study all one 's days , and the growth of talent will ultimately be realized in the great practice of society and in one 's own ceaseless efforts .
we should conduct good publicity on this viewpoint throughout the whole of society .
the reason why i say that education is systems engineering is that the whole of society must be concerned for and support education .
it is particularly important to step up ideological education for youngsters in patriotism , collectivism , and socialism , and help them to establish the correct world view , view of life , and concept of values .
this work should be done not only by the education departments but also by the propaganda and ideological departments , the political departments , and other departments , and by the whole party and the whole of society .
it is necessary to develop a healthy atmosphere in the schools and among the students ; we must certainly not allow unhealthy trends to raise their heads .
we must step up ideological education regarding bad student behavior , severely punish violations of law according to law , and absolutely not indulge them .
we must concentrate efforts on sorting out the bad social order situation that has recently been apparent in and around certain schools .
schools and the departments concerned must take a firm and clear - cut stand in opposing unhealthy trends among the students and also step up work regarding the students ' parents .
we must regularly conduct education in discipline and legal system for the students , to strengthen their concept of discipline and legal system , so that they will understand that they must observe discipline and law .
we must ensure a peaceful , harmonious , and healthy environment for the students ' studies .
ours is a socialist country under communist party leadership , and we must and can succeed in this respect .
i hope that the leading comrades of the party committees and government at all levels will attach great importance to education and to ideological work for young students .
there can be no wavering over taking economic construction as the central task , and at the same time we must get a good grasp of building socialist spiritual civilization , otherwise economic construction cannot ultimately be promoted .
in short , getting a good grasp of education and ideological work for young students has a direct bearing on whether or not our strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education will succeed , and on whether we can gain success in socialist modernization . everyone must understand the problem from this level , and carry out work accordingly .
beijing , $date - - " the delights of spring are all around . "
the " two sessions " this year coincide with entry into a new stage of china 's political , economic , and social development , and this determines that this is bound to be a session with numerous hot points .
these are : reforming the state - owned enterprises and extricating them from difficulty ; the large - scale development of west china ; china 's entry into the world trade organization [ wto ] ; rejuvenating the country through science and education ; opposing corruption ; and the taiwan problem .
at the " two sessions " $date , the newly appointed prime minister zhu rongji issued a " military order " in preparation for extricating the majority of state enterprises from their predicament within three years and proceeding to build a modern enterprise system .
this is $number year in achieving this goal , and attention to whether the chinese government can win decisive victory is redoubled .
in fact , as a result of two years of efforts , a major turnaround has occurred in the operational situation of the state - owned enterprises , and the decline in economic returns has been reversed .
twelve of the $number existing industrial departments have reversed their loss - making situation , the exceptions being the defense industry and coal .
two - thirds of the $number provincial - level units have reversed the loss - making in all their state enterprises , and the majority of the others have prospects of achieving this through an effort .
at the end of $number , $number large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises or enterprises in which the state held the controlling equity were running at a loss ; $number of them have now reversed the losses in the past two years , while the remaining $number can achieve their goal of extrication from difficulties within three years so long as they cut half their losses .
the task of achieving the goal of reform and extrication from difficulties within three years is quite arduous , however .
can the trend of improved economic returns in the state enterprises be maintained ?
while reducing the losses in the original loss - making enterprises , is it possible to prevent the emergence of new loss - makers ?
has extricating the state enterprises from difficulties depended too much on help from the state 's favored treatment policy , or is it built on the firm basis of deepening the reforms and strengthening management ? ...
instituting the large - scale development of west china is a major policy decision of the central authorities , made at the turn of the century , which involves the overall situation .
this vast strategy geared to the new century will not only help to attain common prosperity , strengthen the unity of nationalities , and maintain social stability and border tranquillity , and help to expand domestic demand , open up markets , and provide a new support force for economic development , but will also have a direct bearing on whether the goal of $number step in china 's modernization strategy ( to reach the standard of a medium , developed country by mid - century ) can be attained .
hence , whether economically or politically , this policy decision is of major practical significance and far - reaching historic significance .
the central authorities ' call for great development of the west has evoked a response throughout the country ; people pin great hopes on this , and tremendous enthusiasm is mounting .
judging by interviews conducted by one of the media here with npc deputies and cppcc members who are about to attend the two sessions , they are extremely enthusiastic about the project , and there are many relevant motions to be submitted .
china and the united states reached agreement at the end of last year on china 's entry to the wto , thus removing the biggest obstacle to china 's wto accession .
china and the european union recently ended $number round of their negotiations , and although no breakthrough was achieved , the stances of the two sides are drawing closer .
the time is not far off when china will join the wto this year .
wto accession is a major affair in the process of china 's reforms , opening up , and modernization , and it will have a far - reaching impact on china 's economic development in the new century .
what in fact are the pros and cons and gains and losses in china 's wto accession ?
how can china reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls ?
this will naturally be a topic of concern to all the deputies and committee members .
as the new century opens , every country in the world is working to enhance its science and technology competitiveness in the expectation of occupying a favorable position in the competition in all - round national strength during the century .
the government of the current term , being the cross - century government , lists the implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education as a primary task in government work ; this can be described as judging the hour and sizing up the situation and taking profound consideration for the long term .
we should realize that although science and technology in china is developing with every passing day , the general level lags far behind that of developed countries .
a recent study report by an international organization showed that china has slipped far down the international table in science and technology competitiveness , which is at a middle level but declining ; this has aroused the concern of people with insight .
how china can speed up science and technology progress , vigorously develop education , and comprehensively train talented people , so as to stand tall among the nations of the world in the new century and achieve the great dream of national rejuvenation is a question that requires the pooled wisdom and efforts of the deputies and committee members .
opposing corruption has consistently been a hot topic of the " two sessions " in recent years , and it may heat up still more this year .
although the massive smuggling case involving yuan hua is still being dealt with , and details and results of the case will not be announced at the " two sessions " this year , a series of major cases previously dealt with have already aroused a strong reaction among all sectors of society .
for instance , there was the bribery case of former jiangxi vice governor hu changqing ; the case of abuse of power by former ningbo city party committee secretary xu yunhong ; the case of jin deqin , the former citic director , who used his position to embezzle huge amounts of public funds ; and the massive smuggling case of zhanjiang in guangdong , and so on .
the handling of these major and important cases on the one fact fully shows the government 's determination to severely punish corruption and the way it has dealt blows at the arrogance of corrupt elements ; but on the other it also warns people that the tendency for negative phenomena of corruption to grow and spread has not been checked , and the situation in the struggle against corruption remains rather severe .
the " two sessions " are being convened this year at a special stage in the process of reunifying the motherland . following the reversion of hong kong and macao to the motherland , settling the taiwan issue and finally achieving the sacred mission of reunifying the motherland is still more conspicuously displayed before the chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots .
history has pushed the taiwan problem to an important juncture when there can be no evasion or long delay .
the recent white paper " the one china principle and the taiwan question " has aroused a very great deal of attention at home and abroad . the chinese government has set out in the form of a document the three preconditions for using force against taiwan : there is a major incident by which taiwan secedes from china under any pretext ; if there is a foreign occupation of taiwan ; and if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse peaceful settlement of the cross - strait reunification problem through peaceful negotiations .
this important policy statement demonstrates the mainland 's resolve and sense of urgency for spurring the process of peaceful reunification .
at present the election of a new leader of the taiwan authorities is imminent ; what kind of leader will be elected , and what kind of mainland policy he will pursue to turn cross - strait relations from " crisis " to " a turn for the better , " and thus ensure peace in the taiwan strait area and a long period of peace and order for taiwan society - - this is a major issue with a bearing on the happiness of the chinese people on both sides of the strait , especially the chinese in taiwan .
this year the " two sessions " are thus being held at the important moment when the opportunity for reunification and the challenge of secession are being simultaneously faced in the taiwan issue .
people here believe therefore that against this big background , the taiwan issue will not be a " hot point " in the ordinary sense at this year 's session , but may very well turn into a " focal point . "
guangzhou , $date - - while attending the guangdong provincial entry and exit inspection and quarantine work conference this morning , li changchun , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and secretary of the guangdong provincial cpc committee , stressed : we must take the initiative to fight a battle in the face of economic globalization , and guangdong 's enterprises must take the initiative to go out and serve our modernization building by making full use of two types of resources , two markets , and two technological sources , namely , those at home and abroad .
li urged the province 's entry and exit inspection and quarantine institutions to do well and work in real earnest in four aspects ; help the province 's enterprises open up the international market ; and contribute more to the province 's two civilizations building .
li changchun held : at present , we 're faced with an issue of paramount importance in our foreign economic work , namely , the issue of greeting our entry into the wto [ world trade organization ] , this being a major issue conformable to the fundamental and long - term interests of the people of all nationalities of our country .
though our entry into the wto has both advantages and disadvantages , advantages will outstrip disadvantages , and this is at once an opportunity and a challenge .
only by complying with the general trend of globalization of the world economy and further merging with the international economy will it be possible to grasp the opportunity and speed up our development .
li stressed : we must take the initiative to fight a battle in the face of economic globalization .
we must take the initiative to go out to serve our modernization building by making full use of two types of resources , two markets , and two technological sources , namely , those at home and abroad .
li pointed out : under the present circumstances , the entry and exit inspection and quarantine institutions , which are in the forefront of opening up to the outside world , are also faced with a series of new situations .
the central government recently made a policy decision to carry out a " large - scale development of the western region . "
this is a correct and important decision .
china is a country with a vast territory .
owing to the historical , geographical , natural conditions , and other reasons , it has generally formed into three regions , i.e. , eastern , central , and western regions in terms of economic development level , of which the eastern region is the highest , the western region is the lowest , and the central region is in between .
since reform and opening up , the central authorities have put the focus of development on the eastern ( and southern , the same below ) region along the coast .
more than a half of the state - owned units ' fixed assets investment have been placed in the eastern region , where five special economic zones , the pudong development district , $number coastal open cities , and still more economic development zones have been established , and some preferential policies have been adopted to accelerate development , promote reform , and expand openness in this region , so that the economy in the eastern region has developed rapidly .
hitherto , it is a correct decision to place the focus of development on the eastern region .
thanks to the originally sound economic foundation , better transport facilities , and more qualified personnel , it was more convenient for the eastern region to attract foreign capital and increase economic contacts with the countries and regions outside the country . obviously , focusing the development on the eastern region could reap greater and faster economic results , which was already proved by facts , as tremendous achievements in the economic development had been attained in the eastern region .
certainly , while focusing the development in the eastern region , the central authorities still gave support to the development of the central and western regions from various aspects rather than put them aside . soon afterward , economic development zones were gradually set up in the central and western regions , and some open policies practiced in the eastern region were applied to the interior provincial and autonomous regional capitals .
besides , foreign investors were encouraged to make investment in the central and western regions , and the eastern region was also encouraged to give assistance to the central and western regions in various ways .
change of regional development strategy focusing the development on the eastern region is a strategic disposition that china must adopt in a certain stage of reform and opening up .
in $date , deng xiaoping put forth the regional development strategy of " giving consideration to two overall situations " : one is to quicken the pace of opening the eastern coastal region to the outside world to let it attain development $number , and the central and western regions should take this overall situation into consideration ; the other is to make greater efforts to help the central and western regions attain development when the endeavor for development came to a certain stage with the entire country reaching the level of moderate prosperity at the end of the century , the eastern region should also subordinate itself to this overall situation .
$number , compared with other regions , some advantages previously held by the eastern region have been gradually weakened owing to the rising salaries and expensive land and property prices and rents . the labor - intensive enterprises and the enterprises engaged in three forms of import processing and compensation trade which were formerly very flourishing in the eastern region must move , and some of them have already moved , to the hinterland . in shanghai , some textile enterprises have effected the " removal of the spindles from the east to the west " and found their homes in xinjiang .
as the eastern region is experiencing the industrial structural upgrading , if we do not speed up the development of the western region to coordinate with the industrial structural upgrading of the eastern region , particularly the development of new hi - tech and banking industries , the eastern region will encounter great difficulty in making further advances and find it difficult to cope with the pressure of international competition after china 's accession to the wto .
$number , after long - term exploitations , some of the natural resources in the eastern region ( like coal in fushun ) have begun to dry up , and others ( like petroleum oil ) find it difficult to maintain their previous output . the further development of the eastern region must obtain the support of resources from the hinterland , especially the western region .
accelerating the exploitation of the rich natural resources in the western region brooks no delay , otherwise the development of the eastern region and even the entire country will be restricted by the inadequacy of natural resources .
$number , in the geographic distribution of china 's population , the eastern and western regions respectively account for approximately $number and $number percent of the total .
being a big country , the domestic markets always hold a dominant position .
if the economy of the central and western regions , that of the western region in particular , cannot make faster advances , and the people ( especially peasants ) there cannot increase their incomes , the economic development of the eastern region and even of the whole country will be limited by the slow growth of the domestic markets .
$number , focusing the development on the eastern region has led to the wider gap between the eastern region and the central and western regions .
the proportions of the total output value of the eastern , central , and western regions in the gdp were respectively $number percent , $number percent , and $number percent $date , and $number percent , $number percent , and $number percent $date .
if we take $number as the per capita average gdp of the eastern region $date , then the per capita average gdp for the central and western regions was $number and $number respectively , and $date , the ratio was $number .
the gap of residents ' incomes in the eastern , central , and western regions was widened too .
as viewed from the absolute amount of residents ' annual incomes , the income of a resident in the eastern region was respectively $number yuan and $number yuan higher than that in the central and western regions $date , but it was increased to $number yuan and $number yuan $date .
if we fail to reverse the direction of the flow of resources , the development of the central and western regions , the latter in particular , will be impaired .
$number , china is a country with multiple ethnic groups , and a harmonious ethnic relationship is one of the major prerequisites for the society to maintain stability , the economy to attain development , and the people 's lives to be improved .
the western region is where numerous chinese minority ethnic groups live in compact communities .
the central government has always showed concerns for the economic development and the enhancement of the people 's living standards in the regions inhabited by minority nationalities , and granted them enormous support in financial aid and other aspects .
in recent years , the investment in fixed assets by the central authorities in the western region has increased by a larger margin than that in the eastern region .
practicing the strategy of large - scale development in the western region can not only accelerate the economic development there , but help further promote the friendship and unity among various ethnic groups .
$number , china has a long borderline and is contiguous to many countries . having cemented good - neighborly relations with the surrounding countries , china has solved or is solving the boundary problems with them which are left over by history .
since $date , china has opened to the outside world in all directions . one after another , it has opened $number border port cities and all provincial ( and autonomous regional ) capitals , including those in the western region .
the practice of the omnidirectional opening up has turned the western region to be a forward position and has enabled china to maintain considerably closer economic contacts with the contiguous countries in the north , west , and southwest .
the endeavor to develop the western region on a grand scale can not only further increase the economic contacts with these countries , deepen the good - neighborly relations with them , but also extend the economic contacts further to middle asia , west asia , up to east europe , and west europe , so that $number eurasia continental bridge will genuinely become one that links europe and asia .
conditions for western development the large - scale western development is a great strategic change in china 's distribution of economic areas which has tremendous and profound significance .
at present , there are a lot of favorable conditions that have made this momentous change possible .
$number , we have been engaged in reform and opening up for $number years , so that the country has considerably increased its economic strength , and the eastern region , in particular , has laid a relatively solid foundation for economic development and is capable of making further advance by mainly depending on its own efforts , thus enabling the country to shift the focus of development to the western region .
$number , as a result of construction for many years , the western region has had a better foundation . in recent years , the speed of economic development in the western region has approached the eastern region , and even exceeded it in some years .
the infrastructure facilities in the western region have been substantially improved , such as the construction of the double - track project of the lan - xin railway , the completion of the nan - jiang railway and the entire line of the nan - kun railway , the building of the optical cable project in some western areas , and so on .
it means that the western region itself has possessed the conditions for a large - scale development .
$number , china 's market economic structure is getting into shape so that we can make use of the market strength to expedite the development in the western region .
the market economy not only considerably broadens the ideas of developing the western region , but can mobilize the strength from various quarters of the western region to accomplish it . for instance , instead of merely relying on the state for financial input , nongovernmental input can also be absorbed .
$number , after years of development , the western region has initially possessed the soft environment for attracting foreign investment , and more and more overseas enterprises , having realized the enormous potential for the western development , have come one after another to make investment in the western region .
of course , it is not easy to develop the western region , and it is even more difficult than the development of the eastern region at the early stage of reform .
this is because the natural conditions in some areas are abominable , the distance between cities in the region is very long , and that between the western cities and the eastern developed areas is even longer , and the infrastructure , economic foundation , and social and human conditions are relatively weak . the development of the western region needs a huge amount of input , but the return rate of some input items is low in the short time .
therefore , it is imperative to make prolonged and painstaking efforts to develop the western region .
for this reason , the central authorities should render all - out assistance , the western region itself should make great efforts , and the eastern region should extend its support to and cooperation with the western region .
several steps that should be taken with regard to the central government 's assistance , $number of all , it is drafting a plan for the large - scale development of the western region so as to push forward the work step by step .
as the western region is so big , we can only concentrate our efforts on developing the areas with better conditions $number , then give impetus to the development of the neighboring areas , and afterward develop the areas where conditions are relatively poor .
we should note that the conditions of some areas in the western region are rather good , such as xian , lanzhou , chongqing , chengdu , kunming , urumqi , and other cities , whose conditions in many aspects are not worse than many areas in the eastern region . it is entirely possible for these areas to develop $number .
the development of the western region can only surge forward wave upon wave .
$number , it is necessary to formulate policies to promote the large - scale development of the western region . the policies should be more relax , flexible , and favorable than those previously granted to the eastern region in a bid to attract and mobilize the resources of other regions and outside the country to flow to the western region , and ensure that the resources of the western region are used for its own development rather than flow out to other regions .
$number , the central government should give financial support to the western development through financial transfers of payment , arrange some central - invested construction projects in the western region , and accelerate the construction of infrastructure facilities and the development of large - sized resource projects in this region . moreover , the central government should also give consideration to the western region in terms of local shares of resources and the determination of resource prices so as to enhance the ability of the western region in self - development .
$number , the central government should grant greater decisionmaking powers to the western region in devising economic development policies and in issues related to reform and opening up in light of local conditions in order to arouse the initiative and enthusiasm of the local governments .
so far as the western region is concerned , $number , it should give impetus to the further emancipation of the minds among the cadres and masses and smash the trammels of the outmoded ideas , traditions , styles , and habits to suit the situation of the large - scale western development and the market economic order .
this is because the backwardness of ideological concepts is the major cause that will hinder the development of the western region .
$number , the western region should create favorable soft and hard environments for attracting resources from other regions and outside the country , and particularly for absorbing qualified personnel and technologies .
$number , it should adopt various policies and measures to encourage the local resources , particularly the nongovernmental resources , to be used in its own development .
the low proportion of nonpublic sectors and slow growth is another major cause that the western region was unable to make faster advance .
the western region should remove the obstacles detrimental to the development of the nonpublic economic sectors , open even wider to them in terms of market access , and particularly allow them to participate in the exploitation of resources . in xinjiang , excellent results have been achieved by allowing a private group to open up the altai gold mine .
$number , various localities in the western region should work out their concrete plans according to the local conditions under the overall plan of the central authorities on the grand western development . in drafting the concrete plans , attention should be paid to abiding by the market economic rules , giving free rein to the markets , and making the best use of their advantages while bypassing their disadvantages .
this is a very important yet very difficult thing .
although quite a few areas in the western region have rich resources , owing to the abominable natural conditions such as shortage of water , extremely poor transport facilities , harsh climate , and others , it needs serious exploration into how they should exploit their favorable conditions to the full and avoid the unfavorable ones .
let us just talk about overcoming the unfavorable factors of the long distance between the producing areas and markets and high transportation costs , it is imperative to ensure that the locally made products have the merits of good quality , low costs , high added value , small size , light weight , and be convenient for transportation .
in xinjiang , there is a group which took advantage of the long duration of day and other favorable conditions in xinjiang to set up the country 's largest tomato base , process its produce into tomato sauce , and export it to the united states and other countries in large volumes . this way , it has found a way to exploit the advantages to the full and avoid the disadvantages with the aid of the market strength .
this is another example of making the best use of the advantages while bypassing the disadvantages . finally , the greatest shortages of resources in the western region are cadres , and technical and managerial personnel .
for this reason , it should not only import qualified personnel from other regions , but more importantly , it should step up the training of local talented people .
with regard to the eastern region , the previous practice of regular cooperation and assistance in related units between the eastern and western regions , which had gained a lot of successful experiences , can still be followed continuously .
for a long time , serious damages have been done to the ecology and environment in the western region , so special attention should be paid to protecting and improving the ecology and environment in the grand development of the western region .
a tremendous change , which is hardly detected by people , has occurred in the trend of china 's political thinking . the change has occurred since china launched the drive of reform and opening up $number years ago . the trend shows that a rational democratic concept and attitude has begun to be the main stream of social life , enabling china to have a very important and stable foundation for further political reform .
since the may $number movement , democracy and science have been an ideal of our countrymen .
in the last century , the chinese people and the chinese intellectual elite have stepped into the breach when another fell in a bid to realize this ideal . they have waged an epic struggle for this ideal . the chinese intellectual elite has never ceased for one moment in their efforts to explore democratic theory .
however , it seams that this ideal is still far away from the chinese .
but , in the period of $number years and more since the reform and opening up , china has scored universally acknowledged achievements in economic construction . however , it seems that the chinese intellectual elite has been less enthusiastic in democracy during this period . no changes have occurred as expected by some people . indeed , this is a situation that puzzles or even disappoints some people .
however , this might in fact represent a misunderstanding zone .
one of the most prominent mistakes in this misunderstanding zone is this : some immature methods adopted in the past by the chinese intellectual elite and common chinese people in their pursue of democracy have been considered as china 's democratic methods . these methods have been treated as a standard for the evaluation of china 's current democratic progress . consequently , a misunderstanding zone has been created .
since the may $number movement , the struggles engaged by the chinese people in their pursue of democracy have always been accompanied by fierce political movements , with passionate mass parades and fervent slogans which are spread nationwide in a short period of time .
if there is no mass parades on the streets , fervent political slogans , change of political power , or even confrontations and conflicts between the government and the masses , some people will consider the situation undemocratic or incomplete as far as fighting for democracy is concerned .
of course , they will feel that this situation is not good enough . in the last century , such a passionate democratic pattern has repeated itself in china for so many times that many people have considered it as a fixed trend . without this trend , one cannot prove that the people are seeking democracy .
according to sears [ xi er si $number $number $number ] , any thing that can be passed down to three generations can become a tradition . in striving for democracy , similar methods have been used many times in china over the past century . therefore , such methods tend to be considered among the chinese as a " new tradition " of democratic movement .
democracy certainly is opposite to the political authorities . otherwise , a party cannot be considered as completely democratic .
democracy must have vigor and vitality . democracy must have closed ties with mass parades or similar actions such as strikes staged by workers or students .
democracy must serve to resolve contemporary urgent social , political , or economic problems . a parallel thinking is this : whenever a political , economic , or social problem cannot be resolved , people naturally pin their hopes on democracy . when there is no crisis , it seems that the progress of democracy is not very important .
once the state meets with some kind of crisis , the call for democracy naturally becomes urgent and the rise and fall of the national destiny naturally links with democracy . democracy is indeed loaded with too many things . it is only natural that democracy , being loaded with too many things , cannot satisfy all sorts of high expectations .
as a result , setback repeats itself during the course of democracy .
likewise , in this vicious circle , people have accustomed to this situation : instead of doing rational and sober thinking about democratic progress and doing things in a thoroughgoing manner , people have accustomed to raucous campaigns and movements .
what follows a democratic movement is one of these two scenarios : $number , the administrative authorities adopt a severer suppressive measure , making all the democratic achievements that the whole society had made in the previous stage go down the drain . $number , the whole society is in an anarchic state where warlords or various kinds of gangs and evil elements run rampant . likewise , people lose all the political achievements they had made in the previous stage .
the appearance of this situation has something to do with our tradition , which is as long as our history .
no matter how scholars conduct their research and how they try to prove that democratic factors do exist in our national cultural tradition , one thing is sure : democracy has never had a leading role in china 's political culture . even the concept of democracy has never been conscientiously discussed among the political elite . the great and universal imperial power has suppressed all democratic practices that seem promising .
it has made budding democracy disappear in the long river of history by killing it in the bud . as a result , democracy has not been able to form a tradition in our political culture , or become a tradition of non - main stream .
it is only natural that unexpected difficulties will be met when we carry out democracy in a country such as ours .
particularly at a time when china met with imperial invasion and the survival of the chinese nation was at a critical moment , various elements for reforms will naturally demand to put democracy into practice in this land of ours . they want to realize this fine political culture and system with an unprecedented enthusiasm and speed .
another factor has something to do with the chinese people 's persistent goal - - a situation where everything is perfect .
chinese people expect that the things they are after are perfect . a perfect man , who rules the state , will become the center of all matters . he will be a major role of the play - - a stereotype tendency .
therefore , our countrymen are not very concerned about whether or not a matter is better than before . the only yardstick they have is whether or not their goal is finally realized .
due to these objective factors , neither the broad masses of people nor the leading elite of democratic movement has conducted profound thinking from a rational viewpoint before they adopt democracy , which is considered as a good medicine to cure china 's political and social problems .
as a result , the above - mentioned abnormal phenomena have been created . in fact , no one should be blamed for the phenomena .
meanwhile , since young chinese intellectuals have been exposed to radical western thinking , they have always been the main forces of this democratic movement - - a major characteristic of china 's democratic movement $date . this shows that chinese intellectuals believe it their responsibility to do something for their own country - - a virtue as expected by the chinese cultural tradition . but it also shows an innate deficiency in china 's democratic movement because china lacks a profound social and economic foundation . on the contrary , the modern history of the western world shows that democratic reforms hardly have anything do with the movements staged by the students .
this kind of democratic movement , which is innately insufficient , naturally has left with many sequels .
one of the most serious problems is this : it is very easy that a democratic movement is turned into a ruffian movement [ pi zi yun dong $number $number $number $number ] or an opportunity for some people to change their own situation .
it will be very easy for many sincerer people to change their political attitude from extremely enthusiastic to sternly cool one .
there are not many people who are willing to do something for the progress of democracy . few people are willing do something that are very common and not exciting , such as the establishment of democratic norms as well as the establishment of various laws and regulations so that people will have laws to go by in carrying out democracy .
when lord ye saw the real dragon thrusting in its head through the window of his study and its tail moving in his palace , he was frightened out of the house for his life .
clearly , what lord ye loved was not the real dragons . ] many chinese intellectuals long for the advent of democracy ; but they fear that once democracy indeed arrives , it will cause an inevitable social calamity , thus destroying the results of progress that society has achieved .
however , a promising sign , which our countrymen have long been waiting for , has appeared in recent $number years . this promising sign is that the course of rational democracy has silently begun .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference has been resuming its role . people have paid more attention to the calls of the national people 's congress . various laws have been promulgated . lawyers who specialize in different legal domains have begun to be an indispensable part of our social life .
supervision over various power organizations , particularly over law - enforcement personnel , has been strengthened . more efforts have been made to crack down on corruption . all in all , some practical contents of democracy have imperceptibly become a part of people 's daily life and it seams that people are not surprise at the situation .
this change may be the best way for china to calmly move along the path of democracy .
it is also the result of a series of important achievements china has made in its reforms since the beginning of $date . during the democratic upsurges of the world , china has not blindly followed the trend just as it did in the past . instead , it has tried to do a good job in what it is supposed to do .
when the asian financial crisis occurred , we were glad that we had done many things that should have been done . as a result , we have safely passed the crisis .
our countrymen have learned from this lesson that we can achieve our goal only by doing thing in a thoroughgoing manner . at a time when we further develop our economy , adjust our industrial structure , and introduce corresponding political measures one after another , we should firmly remember historic lessons . we must promote , with a rational and constructive attitude , democracy that is in line with china 's national situation . never again shall we " promote " democracy with raucous campaigns and movements .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - with regard to comrade jiang zemin 's talk on educational issues , $number issue of qiushi magazine carries a commentator article titled " comprehensively act on the spirit of the talk and earnestly carry out youth education . " the following is the full text of the article : since the founding of new china , especially since the program of reform and opening up was launched , china 's educational endeavors have achieved tremendous results . however , there are some problems in the midst of progress .
for example , some primary and middle schools place undue emphasis on the rate of pupils advancing to higher grades , burden pupils with heavy schoolwork , and slacken ideological education , thereby giving rise to adverse consequences .
the recent string of vicious incidents involving some primary and middle school pupils and their parents have caused concern among the people .
at a time when people are worried , comrade jiang zemin gave a " talk concerning educational issues . "
the talk shows strategic insight and has rich substance and far - reaching significance .
the talk represents an application and development of the educational theories of mao zedong and deng xiaoping ; constitutes a fundamental guiding ideology for china 's educational reform and development under the historical conditions of socialist market economic development , reform , and opening up ; serves as a guide to action for deepening educational reform and promoting quality education in an all - around manner ; and has great , practical significance as a guide as well as far - reaching historical significance .
like a thunderclap , the talk has reverberated throughout the vast land of china and has set demands for party committees and governments at all levels to do a good job in educational work .
in keeping with their actual conditions , party committees , governments , and educational departments all levels must seriously study the talk , try to gain a profound understanding , grasp its essence , draw up relevant measures , and earnestly and vigorously act on its spirit .
to study and act on the spirit of the talk , $number and foremost , it is necessary to deeply understand the extreme importance of comrade jiang zemin 's talk .
comrade jiang zemin 's call for approaching educational issues " from the perspective of the rise or fall of a nation 's fortunes and national rejuvenation " has enlightened us .
we should never develop education at the expense of the younger generation 's ideological and political quality ; otherwise , the future of the country as a whole , not just that of a generation or several generations of young people , will be adversely affected .
to study and act on the spirit of the talk , it is also necessary to deeply understand comrade jiang zemin 's important proposition that " education is an integrated system . "
this proposition lets us examine and resolve problems in educational work from a broader perspective .
schools are not the only one to blame for the various problems associated with some young people ; these problems also reflect the influences of society .
to solve these problems , it is essential to mobilize schools , families , and even society at large to work together to achieve tangible results .
treating education as an integrated system will help mobilize all sectors of society to show concern and support for education and to promote educational reform and development .
educational departments at all levels have major responsibility for studying and acting on the spirit of the talk .
educational administrative departments and schools at all levels must steadfastly implement the educational policy of " making education serve the socialist cause and combining education with social practice , " and devote great efforts to improving school administration .
to study and act on the spirit of the talk , it is necessary to fully recognize the importance and urgency of " reducing the course load " of primary and middle school pupils .
resistance to " reducing the course load " comes from the undue emphasis placed on the rate of pupils advancing to higher grades .
in addition to government efforts to constantly expand the scale of education and institute an enrollment examination system and an educational evaluation system that meet the requirements of quality education to alleviate the pressure on pupils to move to higher grades , it is also essential that all sectors of society maintain a correct outlook on skilled personnel and create an increasingly relaxed atmosphere in which young people can grow up to be useful people through various channels .
comrade jiang zemin said : " the rise or fall of a nation 's fortunes depends on education ; the vigorous development of education is the responsibility of all the people . "
the broad ranks of young pupils are the future and hope of our nation .
their healthy growth and all - around development have a direct impact on the success of our endeavors and on china 's bright prospects $date .
guided by the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's talk , the entire party and society must earnestly carry out education and ideological work for young people , and give a strong impetus to the reform and development of china 's educational endeavors , so that new vistas can be quickly created for educational work across the country .
the people 's bank of china appointed its assistant governor cai esheng as the president of shanghai branch .
on $date , dai xianglong , governor of the central bank , paid a special visit to shanghai to announce the above appointment and also set forth requirements for the work of the shanghai branch .
appoint wu xiaoling as vice governor of the central bank in line with the decision of the cpc central committee and the state council on exchanging and readjusting the leading members of some financial institutions and the central bank , days ago , wu xiaoling , former president of the shanghai branch of the central bank , was transferred to the post of vice governor of the people 's bank of china .
according to reports , cai esheng is $number years old ; with a level of university education , he is a high - ranking economist .
he also acted as a director for the financial management department , the banking department , and the no. $number banking supervision and management department under the central bank , in succession . in $date , he was appointed as an assistant governor of the central bank and concurrently worked as a director for the no. $number banking supervision and management department .
he has been devoted to the supervision and management of banks for a long period of time , so that he acquires a higher understanding of specialized theories and financial policies .
philosophy , as a systematized and theorized world outlook and methodology , has all along been regarded as a " science of wisdom " in its highest sense .
the founders of marxism further revealed the inherent links between philosophy and social practice , and between philosophy and historical progress .
they regarded philosophy as the " quintessence of the times " and the " living soul of civilization . "
they believed that real philosophy in a specific era represents the quintessential ideological achievements of that era and gives a concentrated expression to the spiritual essence of civilization of every specific society .
this profound scientific conclusion has not only pointed out the position and the role of philosophy in the entire human life , but has also provided a most important and most reliable clue for people to understand the historical conditions and fate of philosophy .
we still remember that when speaking of the liberation of the german people , marx once pointed out in extremely explicit terms : " this emancipated mind is philosophy . "
his remarks gave an extremely penetrating explanation to the social significance of advanced philosophy .
from a historical point of view , the development of philosophy always means to emancipate the mind of man ; and philosophy is , in $number place , " an emancipation of the mind . " since the emancipation of the mind has always been the pivot that initiates and guides the entire liberation undertaking , it has thus become " an emancipated mind . "
if the human society is to make further development , progress , and innovation , it has to , $number of all , emancipate its mind and cast itself from spiritual shackles ; and only in this way can it enjoy the motive power and develop the ability to make creations .
take for instance the renaissance in europe in the old days . although the renaissance was $number launched in the fields of literature and art , it was because the renaissance used a brand - new humanist philosophy as its weapon that it enjoyed the ideological power to smash the feudalist and religious rule ; and although the most remarkable achievement of the renaissance was a general development to science and art , the " credit " to its final success should go to philosophy .
were it not for the exposure and criticism made by modern materialist philosophy against religious theology , no one would know how many more giordano burno would have been sent to the execution ground .
as it is known to all , marx discovered the law of surplus value , and turned socialism from an utopian idea into a science , thus changing the history of the mankind .
however , the " credit " to his great contribution should also to a revolutionary change in philosophy - - his founding of historical materialism , a brand - new system of world outlook and methodology that can scientifically reveal the law of the historical development of mankind .
in its history , our party has been able to smash the fetters of formalism and empiricism , redress the errors of " left " and right opportunism , restore and carry forward the fine work style of seeking truth from facts , and bring about a smooth progress to the undertakings of revolution and construction . the " credit " to all this should , in the final analysis , also go to the philosophy of marxism .
the " credit " mentioned above has two implications : one means merits , that is , contributions ; and the other refers to a " high ability " and " great skills " that lead to the aforementioned contributions , in other words , a good grounding in world outlook and methodology .
a comparison of the two shows clearly that the latter is a fundamental condition , which serves as the foundation and precondition of the former .
that explains the reason why the founders of our great cause , that is , the founders of marxism and their successors , have all set an extremely high value on philosophy .
engels once said : if a nation wishes to stand on the highland of science , it cannot do without theoretical thinking for a single moment .
to temper and enhance our ability and our level of theoretical thinking , there is no better way than studying the past history of philosophy .
during the early days in yanan , comrade mao zedong called on the whole party to engage itself in the study and research of marxist philosophy , and to integrate such a study and research with the need to provide guidance for the concrete practice of the chinese revolution .
in $date , comrade deng xiaoping once criticized the trend of drowning oneself in the routine work , " knowing nothing about philosophy , " neglecting the importance of philosophy , and handling affairs with oversimplified and one - sided mentalities and work methods among some of our leading cadres .
in recent years , comrade jiang zemin published many important speeches , in which he has repeatedly urged the comrades of the whole party , especially the leading cadres of the party , to approach and strengthen their theoretical studies from the high plane of stressing on politics .
meanwhile , he has also pointed out that among all the studies we need to do , $number thing we should master is the marxist philosophy some people may not understand why comrades deng xiaoping and jiang zemin still lay stress today on the need to engage ourselves in the study and research of philosophy when we are centering everything around the country 's economic construction .
they do not understand this because they have failed to approach our cause from the high plane of an overall social development ; in other words , they still need to emancipate their minds on a constant basis .
further emancipating the mind still remains an objective demand that the current situation has set on us , and has proved an ideological precondition that guarantees the smooth progress of our cause .
comrade deng xiaoping said : " the cause we are currently engaged in is a brand - new cause . "
building socialism with chinese characteristics is a great pioneering undertaking without parallel in history .
during the process of comprehensive pushing forward this great cause , only when people 's ideology reaches a desired high level can they cast off the shackles of outmoded concepts and an ossified way of thinking ; and gain a comprehensive and dialectical understanding of reform , development , and stability , so that they can display creativity and open up a new prospect in their work .
the need to emancipate the mind and the practice of seeking truth from facts is not contradictory : seeking truth from facts is precisely the desired attitude we want to achieve through emancipating the mind , in other words , we want to learn to think and act in accordance with the ideological line of seeking truth from facts ; and only when we can unswervingly follow the practice of seeking truth from facts can we be free from the interruption of all prejudices , have the courage and ability to proceed from the reality , and accomplish everything that is favorable to the people .
judging by the requirements mentioned above , we cannot say that the task of ideological emancipation has already been completed .
at present , china 's reform has entered a difficulty - tackling stage , and its development is in the middle of a crucial moment .
to fulfill all the tasks put forward by the party central committee , we not only need science and technology , materials and funds , knowledge and able personnel of various kinds , and all kinds of useful things ; but also have a greater need for an emancipated mind , and for the kind of determination , courage , and wisdom that are aroused through an ideological emancipation .
to accomplish this , we need the guidance of philosophy .
at the same time , in order to enhance the consciousness , foreseeability , and effectiveness of practical activities , we should base all major policy decisions on scientific research and adequate proofs ; and base all scientific forecasts and management on a correct understanding of the objective law of the society .
to gain such an understanding on the objective law , we must rely on theoretical thinking , and this can by no means be accomplished through observations of experiences or a direct - view thinking .
therefore , our attitude towards both a theoretical thinking and the development of our theoretical thinking ability has a direct bearing on the success or failure of our undertaking of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
philosophy is an advanced form of theoretical thinking ; and is a fundamental stand , viewpoint , and method used by people for observing , understanding , and guiding both practice and scientific research .
everyone with sufficient experiences in life will have certain philosophical thinking , and certain concepts and methods , in his mind .
such thinking is acting on us all the time .
the point is that we should know clearly what kind of a philosophy it is ; and should ask ourselves the question as whether it is an advanced or backward , correct or erroneous , philosophy .
only when we armed our mind with scientific and advanced philosophy can we master the quintessence and the method of science ; guard against the spread of idealism , metaphysics , and subjectivism ; and ensure that all undertakings can undergo a healthy development along a correct track .
this thus requires us to study and master the philosophy of marxism in a conscientious and down - to - earth manner .
of course , stressing the importance of philosophy has a more extensive implication .
this refers to the role of philosophy as a foundation and guidance in the entire spiritual civilization .
our socialist cause is , in the final analysis , a cause which aims at bringing about a comprehensive development to man and the society .
what we want is a common prosperity , which is not only a material and economic prosperity for our country and our people , but also a richness and civility in people 's spiritual life .
philosophy is a science that deals with the outlook on the world , the history , the life , and values ; and instead of simply providing a tool for us to understanding our work in different fields , philosophy also has the task of providing necessary basic theories , concepts , and methods for the entire spiritual cultural .
in other fields of the spiritual civilization in society , such as science , culture , education , ethics , art , law , politics , and the way of daily life of the common people , we can always see the infiltration and the expression of certain philosophical thoughts , beliefs , concepts , and ways of thinking .
therefore , the conditions of philosophy will inevitably have an effect on the conditions of the spiritual civilization at a deeper level .
to bring about a constant development to china 's socialist spiritual civilization , we should constantly enrich , develop , and popularize philosophy ; resist the influences of ignorant and backward cultures ; eradicate the soil which breeds and spreads superstitious ideas and fallacies ; and enhance the quality of man .
a man who understands and knows how to use philosophy will be a wise man , a man with a rich and happy spiritual life , for he has already taken onto a road which leads to " the realm of freedom . "
at the turn of centuries and millenniums , the human society is experiencing a most extensive and most profound change in history .
some old modes have encountered severe challenges , and the original economic and political setups are currently being smashed .
today , all countries and nations in the world are exploring new modes , and are striving to give shape to new setups , which are favorable to their own development .
people have to make observations , considerations , explorations , and comparisons nervously .
whoever can correctly understand and solve the problems faced by mankind can successfully seize the opportunity , gain the upper hand , and $date at the head of the whole world .
the only way to achieve this is to emancipate the mind , seek truth from facts , and make bold innovations .
the global competition in the coming several decades is expected to become one in ideology , knowledge , and innovation .
all this has a close link with philosophy , or to say , under the far - reaching influence of the development of philosophy .
the changes in the world have brought new opportunities to the chinese nation which has a population of $number and enjoys an $number - year - long civilization .
the party and the people of our country are currently holding high the banner of deng xiaoping theory , plunging themselves into the undertaking of building socialism with chinese characteristics with full confidence , and are exploring a brand - new road for promoting the social development .
this road is the product of an integration between marxism and china 's realities , and also a new creation china has made in the face of the new situation in today 's world .
we believe that so long as we handle well our own affairs in china and successfully consolidate and develop the good situation of reform and opening up , we can surely fulfill our targets and build our motherland into a rich , strong , democratic , and civilized modern socialist country .
during this process , we still cannot do without , but have a greater need than others , to value a flourishing and innovative growth of philosophy .
in brief , our cause needs philosophy , and the rejuvenation of the chinese nation $date needs philosophy .
without philosophy , and without the development of marxist philosophy along with the development of our time in particular , there can hardly be any emancipation of the mind in real terms ; and without the emancipation of the mind , there can hardly be any high - level and creative work or a spiritual civilization .
to further emancipate the mind at the current critical juncture of comprehensively pushing our cause into $date , we ought to attach great importance to philosophy , promote the growth of philosophy , and give full play to the role of philosophy as " an emancipated mind . "
( this article is abridged and revised from a speech made by the author at an academic symposium named " the $number years of philosophy in new china " in $date )
a plenary meeting of the $number session of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee was held this morning to again deliberate on the npc standing committee 's decision on stepping up supervision over economic work , and the meeting approved the decision .
the decision said : the npc standing committee exercises its power to supervise the state council 's economic work according to law in order to truly perform the duty entrusted to the npc and its standing committee by the constitution and law to ensure sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
the decision stipulates that the drafts of annual national economic and social development program , five - year plan , and long - term development plan , compiled by the state council , should be submitted to the npc standing committee one month before the npc session opens .
the main points of examination of draft annual development program and relevant reports , conducted by the npc 's financial and economic committee , are : the guiding principle of compilation of program and plan should be in line with the npc - approved five - year plan on national economic and social development and long - term development plan ; main targets and quotas of program and plan should meet the requirement of sustained and steady economic development ; main measures to be taken should meet the requirements of strengthening macroeconomic regulation and control , optimizing the economic structure , properly scheduling key state projects , truly improving the people 's livelihood , actively increasing employment , ensuring social insurance work , and ensuring sustainable development .
as to extraordinary large construction projects of the state which involve many issues , have a far - reaching effect , and require a large investment , the state council may present a proposal to the npc or its standing committee , which will deliberate on and make a decision on the proposal .
$number article of the decision said : in concluding or abolishing an economic treaty or agreement with a foreign country or international organization , if the treaty or agreement is to be ratified by the npc standing committee according to the prc procedural law on concluding treaties , the state council should submit a proposal to the npc standing committee for deliberation and approval .
$number article of the decision said : entrusted by a chairmanship meeting , relevant special committees of the npc may hold a plenary meeting to hear special reports by relevant departments of the state council .
special reports by relevant departments of the state council are to be arranged by the state council .
wang weicheng , chairman of the npc 's law committee , said : on the afternoon of $date , the current meeting held group deliberations on $number discussion draft of the draft decision .
members of the npc standing committee were of the opinion that establishment of the decision has created necessary conditions for establishing a supervision law , and will help local people 's congresses step up supervision over local economic work as well .
the law committee held a meeting yesterday morning to study the npc standing committee 's opinions one by one and make amendments to the draft decision .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - li peng , chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , said here today that the upcoming $number session of $number npc is an important meeting held at the turn of the century .
he said : all members of the npc standing committee , together with other npc deputies , will fully carry forward democracy , work strictly in accordance with laws and regulations , conscientiously examine all bills and resolutions , and ensure that the reports , resolutions , and laws adopted by the npc meeting will reflect and embody the fundamental benefit and will of the state and the people .
the npc standing committee should conscientiously accept the supervision of the npc and all members of the npc stand committee should listen with an open mind the opinions expressed by npc deputies . in this way , we can do a better job in carrying out the npc standing committee 's work and shoulder its duties and functions entrusted by the constitution and laws .
li peng 's remark came as he spoke at the $number session of $number npc standing committee , which concluded today .
it reexamined and adopted the draft decision of the npc standing committee concerning how to strengthen the supervision of economic work . the decision is of important significance to the npc standing committee in better carrying out the duties and functions of the npc standing committee entrusted by the constitution and laws . it will improve and standardize the npc standing committee 's supervision over the government 's economic work and facilitate sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
the session examined the draft work report of the npc standing committee . it decided that the draft , after having being amended in accordance with the opinions offered by members of the npc standing committee , will be submitted to $number session of $number npc for examination .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee held its $number legal system lecture at the great hall of the people today .
chairman li peng chaired and addressed the forum .
he emphasized that the marxist theory of state power is a major part of marxist political science .
china 's people 's congress system is precisely the outcome of the integration of the marxist theory of state power with the specific practice of china 's revolution .
at the moment , to deepen the economic restructuring and develop socialist modernization , we should continuously build up socialist democratic politics , actively promote the process of governing the country according to the law and building a socialist country ruled by the law , and further improve the people 's congress system on the premise of upholding the four cardinal principles . to attain this , we need the guidance of the marxist theory of political science .
wang huiyan , professor at jilin university , was invited to give a lecture today . the title of his lecture was " several basic issues of marxist theory of state power . "
he said , the marxist theory of state power constitutes the foundation and core of marxist teaching on politics .
only when we clearly understand the marxist basic theory of state power can we clearly understand other political doctrines and deeply comprehend and master the theory of china 's people 's congress system as well as the theory of governing the country according to the law .
before the lecture began , li peng made a speech .
he said , over the past two years since its inauguration , $number npc standing committee has held $number legal system lectures to have its members systematically study the basic theory of democracy and legal system construction , the constitution , and other major laws and knowledge .
the legal system lectures have played a certain role in improving the work expertise of npc standing committee members .
this year , the npc standing committee will hold legal system lectures once every other month to mainly teach , according to practical circumstances and work requirements , the marxist theory of state power , the social security laws and systems , the banking laws and systems , the international laws and the international treaties , and the laws and issues related to china 's accession to the world trade organization .
this should become a system and be carried on because it is very important to the work of the npc standing committee .
marxism considers , he said , that the economic base determines the superstructure and the superstructure reacts to the economic base .
politics belongs to the superstructure , and all of the state , political power , democracy , legal administration , rights , duties , equality , and freedom belong to the realm of politics . meanwhile , political science is a science to research political phenomena and the related laws .
li peng emphasized that senior cadres should strive to become politicians who are loyal to marxism , adhere to the path of socialism with chinese characteristics , and are good at administering the party and the country .
to this end , senior cadres are required to study hard not only political science and economics but also the knowledge of laws , science - technology , history , and culture , particularly the marxist political science .
this is the only way to secure a correct political stand and viewpoint , to enhance their political sharpness and discernment , and to always keep sober - minded and have scientific understanding and firm confidence on the road of advance .
the cpc - led cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics is an unprecedented great cause .
while promoting this cause , we will certainly meet many new circumstances , new problems , and new contradictions .
so we should be good at correctly understanding and appropriately handling them in a political , overall , and strategic perspective . we should also intensify studies , be good at studies , and persist in studies .
attending today 's lecture were tian jiyun , jiang chunyun , zou jiahua , wang guangying , bu he , tomur dawamat , wu jieping , peng peiyun , he luli , zhou guangzhao , cao zhi , ding shisun , cheng siwei , xu jialu , and jiang zhenghua , vice chairmen of the npc standing committee .
also attending were he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number asia - pacific human rights workshop opened in beijing this morning .
president jiang zemin sent a letter congratulating the meeting 's smooth opening .
he indicated that conducting exchanges on human rights in the asia - pacific region is of great significance . various countries should , based on the spirit of equality and mutual respect , carry out dialogue and exchanges in order to deepen understanding , narrow differences , expand common ground , and seek common progress .
in the area of human rights , china has made achievements that caught the world 's attention . the chinese government would like to strive hard together with the people in the asia - pacific region and around the world to promote progress in regional and international human rights undertakings .
qian qichen , vice premier of the state council , said at the opening of the workshop that countries in the asia - pacific region have long histories and age - old cultural traditions , which contain many positive factors that respect human rights .
although countries in the asia - pacific region do not share exactly the same position and viewpoint on human rights , we obviously have more similarities than differences .
as close neighbors , we have a better understanding of the historical development and cultural traditions of the people of various countries in the region .
asia - pacific countries should further strengthen their mutual cooperation on human rights .
qian qichen said : we all respect the un charter and the basic principles of un human rights documents . at the same time , we should inherit and carry forward the region 's fine cultural traditions and promote our values .
economic crises had occurred in other regions $date too . financial crises have very complicated causes . it is obviously unfair to put the blame on cultures and values .
now , the asian economy has already begun to recover and we believe that , with their creative spirit , the people of asian countries will definitely be able to overcome one difficulty after another and courageously forge ahead along the road of advancement .
we have every reason to carry forward our fine culture , values , and ideology , and , while pursuing economic development , promote comprehensive development of human rights .
he said : different countries face different situations . it is normal to have differences in our approach and means of promoting and protecting human rights , and we should handle these differences appropriately through dialogue and exchanges on an equal footing .
the overwhelming majority of asia - pacific countries have had painful experiences of being bullied by big powers in modern times . therefore these countries all the more cherish their sovereign rights and national pride .
asia - pacific countries are also one of major forces with whom the international community have vigorously promoted dialogue and exchanges in recent years . the asia - pacific human rights workshop is a concrete manifestation of such spirit of cooperation based on equality .
qian qichen stressed that asia - pacific countries should strengthen their joint actions in realizing economic , social , and cultural rights as well as development rights .
he indicated that democracy and the rule of law are not exclusive rights of any specific country and a unified model does not exist in today 's world .
we cannot simply copy from foreign countries when learning from their experiences . only by following our own country 's characteristics and our people 's needs , and adopting appropriate measures that suit local situations , can we effectively expand and improve democracy , and promote and strengthen the rule of law .
universality does not mean blind identity . all measures that can truly promote and protect human rights and all organizations and plans that can play an effective role should be encouraged and given recognition .
qian qichen pointed out : the chinese nation has all along respected human dignity and values .
the enormous vitality shown by china today reflects in a lively manner the fact that the chinese people have vast room to freely and democratically give play to their creativity .
china is a developing country with nearly $number people . realizing the people 's living rights and development rights is the ardent hope of the chinese people and the goals the chinese government are working toward .
in addition , china devotes itself to developing democracy and building the legal system . our goal is to govern the country by law and build a socialist law - governed country .
qian qichen said that , in the process of building a strong , democratic , and civilized modern country , the chinese government and people would like to strive hard together with people in asia - pacific countries and around the world in promoting human rights undertakings in the asia - pacific region and the world at large , as well as in promoting peace and development in the asia - pacific region and the world .
mary robinson , un high commissioner for human rights , came to china specifically to attend this workshop . in a speech delivered at the opening ceremony , she congratulated and thanked the chinese side for organizing this meeting , saying it showed the chinese government attaches importance to international cooperation on human rights and is sincere about such cooperation .
she said the workshop is a very important one that helps strengthen cooperation on human rights among asia - pacific countries .
the asia - pacific human rights workshop is an important forum where asia - pacific countries discuss how to strengthen cooperation on human rights in the asia - pacific region .
the current round of workshop was jointly organized by the chinese government and the office of the un high commissioner for human rights . representatives from $number asia - pacific countries attended the workshop .
the meeting elected wang guangya , chinese vice minister of foreign affairs , to be the chairman .
how to intensify the efforts to combat corruption and advocate honesty , how to enhance the supervision and inspection of administrative and judicial departments by bodies of peoples ' congresses at all levels in the provinces and municipalities , how to enhance the supervision and inspection of economic work , and how to severely punish corrupted officials will be hot topics at the forthcoming sessions of the national people 's congress and the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference .
since the beginning of this year , $number , general secretary jiang zemin of the cpc central committee called for strictly administering the party and advocating upright conduct , and , then , premier zhu rongji of the state council delivered an awe - inspiring and powerful speech on advocating honesty and combating corruption , broadening channels for anticorruption speech .
one important reason , jiang zemin emphasized at $number plenary meeting of the central disciplinary inspection commission in $date of this year , for the failure to prevent some negative and corrupt phenomena , increasingly serious in some cases , in the party despite repeated interdiction efforts has been the failure on the part of cpc organizations and leaders of some localities and units to strictly administer the party in the form of failing to strictly educate , manage , and supervise cpc - member cadres , especially leading cadres .
to administer the country , it is $number of all necessary to administer the party whose affairs must be strictly administered , and in this respect it is fist of all necessary to do a good job of administering leadership teams and leading cadres , jiang zemin pointed out .
in view of the situation , tasks , and self - construction reality of the new period , the cpc top leadership has been educating cpc - member cadres on " emphasizing study , politics , and uprightness " since last year .
according to reports , " emphasizing three things " education has been concluded for the current phase at the level of central ministries and departments , the provincial and municipal level , and the department and bureau level , but " emphasizing three things " education is still being carried out at the county ( city ) level nationwide .
the county ( city ) level occupies the important position of linking the lower levels with the upper levels in the cpc 's organization structure , the government structure of the state , and overall work and is also an important foundation for china 's economic development , social stability , and the solidity of state power .
therefore , it is of special , great significance to do a good job of carrying out " emphasizing three things " education at the $number counties ( cities ) nationwide .
immediately after the spring festival , the seven members of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee went to different provinces and municipalities to conduct inspections , investigations , and study and to personally speak to county - level leadership teams on " emphasizing three things . "
all this was also an effort to make preparations for the intensification of the efforts to combat corruption and advocate honesty at the two conferences .
this year will be a critical year for achieving objectives of anticorruption work set by the $number cpc congress , and the cpc top leadership has called for focusing on prevention at the sources and rectification , so as to produce new achievements in party conduct and clean government construction and in the anticorruption struggle .
at $number state council conference on clean government work held in mid - $date , zhu rongji emphasized that governments at all levels should truly take clean government construction and anticorruption work as an important task of government work and that it was necessary to thoroughly investigate major cases , giving absolutely no consideration to personal relationships and showing absolutely no soft - heartedness .
the communique of $number plenary meeting of the central disciplinary inspection commissions also said that it was necessary to concentrate forces , so as to break a number of big , major cases .
over the past year , cpc disciplinary - enforcement and law - enforcement organs at all levels exposed , investigated , and took actions against a number of major cases characterized by high - ranking officials , huge amounts of money , large numbers of people involved , hidden methods of crime , complicated situations , and rather vicious effects on public perceptions ; in this respect , a total of $number provincial ( ministerial ) - level cadres were involved in the cases .
early this year , hu changqing , ex - deputy governor of jiangxi province , was sentenced to death for extensively taking and demanding large bribes , thereby becoming the highest ranking official sentenced to death for corruption in china since $date .
currently central judicial departments are investigating the extra - large smuggling case of the yuanhua company of xiamen , a case in which the deputy secretary of the cpc municipal committee and the deputy mayor were involved in the case ; the results of the investigation may be announced shortly .
the investigation and trying of the above - mentioned two cases fully demonstrate a principle of socialist rule by law stipulated in china 's criminal code , that is , the principle of equality before the law for all accused of criminal offenses , and have also fully demonstrated the determination of the top leadership of the cpc and the government to severely punish corruption according to law .
in fact , to eliminate sources of corruption , the authorities have already adopted a series of measures .
in addition to the " emphasizing three things " activities to urge honesty and self - discipline on the part of leading cadres , many new regulations have also been formulated . such regulations stipulate : that no spouse or child of an official shall engage in business or run an enterprise beyond of scope of his or her line of work ; and that an spouse or child of a cadre is prohibited from accepting gift money , securities , or valuable goods . the regulations also have provided for strengthening the management of extrabudgetary funds , rectifying accounting order , adopting a government procurement system , and implementing the system of economic responsibility auditing of leading cadres for the periods of their tenures .
at the same time , courts have worked to strictly enforce the excuse system and to eliminate " connection cases , " " money cases , " and " personal relationship cases , " so as to ensure justice in the judicial sphere .
the supreme people 's procuratorate is cooperating with the public security ministry and other eight ministries and bureaus in an joint effort to combat corruption , enhancing coordination in investigating cases of dereliction of duty of government agency personnel and taking actions accordingly . clean government construction requires rule by law .
according to a source , to regularize anticorruption struggle , the national people 's congress session this year will , in addition to adopting decisions on supervising economic work , also consider area - specific supervision laws and the issue of establishing effective and practicable supervision mechanisms , so as to gradually implement clean government construction .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - tian fengshan , former heilongjiang governor who is $number years old , was appointed minister of land and resources today .
state president jiang zemin signed presidential decree no. $number to promulgate this decision approved today at the $number meeting of $number standing committee of the national people 's congress .
zhou yongkang , former minister of land and resources , was appointed secretary of the sichuan provincial cpc committee prior to this .
tian fengshan , who was born in zhaoyuan county , heilongjiang province , took part in work since $date and joined the cpc in $date .
$date , he concluded his study at the xian $number artillery technical academy of the people 's liberation army and became a teacher , secretary of the party committee of the commune , director of the revolutionary committee , and deputy secretary of the party committee , and deputy head , of zhaoyuan county , his hometown .
$date , he became deputy secretary of the zhaozhou county cpc committee , heilongjiang , and head of zhaozhou county , vice commissioner of suihua prefecture , and deputy secretary of the suihua prefectural cpc committee and commissioner of suihua prefecture . $date , he became secretary of the mudanjiang city cpc committee , vice governor of heilongjiang province , deputy secretary of the heilongjiang provincial cpc committee and secretary of the harbin city cpc committee . from $date , he was deputy secretary of the heilongjing provincial cpc committee and heilongjiang governor .
he is a member of the $number cpc central committee .
in the motion on his appointment put forward for examination and approval , the state council said tian fengshan is familiar with economic work .
$date , tian went deep to $number line to direct work to deal with emergencies and provide disaster relief in fighting floods .
he has great ability in organization and coordination work , has rich experience in leadership work , has seriously implemented the principle of democratic centralism , has the style of going deep into matters , and is an appropriate person for the post of minister of land and resources .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - decision of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee on strengthening supervision over economic work adopted at the $number standing committee meeting of $number npc on $date .
to perform the function and power entrusted by the constitution to the npc and its standing committee , strengthen supervision over economic work , and promote sustained , rapid , and healthy economic development , the following decision is made based on the constitution and relevant laws and after summarizing the experience in many years of practice : $number . the npc standing committee performs its function and power of supervision over the economic work of the state council according to law . $number .
the draft annual national economic and social development plan , draft five - year plan , and draft long - term plan formulated by the state council should be submitted to the npc standing committee one month before the npc session is held . $number .
during the npc session , the financial and economic committee should examine the draft plans and the reports on the plans based on the opinions given by various delegations and relevant special committees after their examination , and submit reports on the results of the examination , which will be printed and distributed to the session after the examination and discussion of the presidium . $number .
the focuses of the financial and economic committee 's examination of the draft annual plans and the reports on the plans are : the guiding principles for drawing up the plans should conform to the five - year plan and long - term plan for the national economic and social development approved by the npc ; the major targets and indexes should meet the demand for developing the national economy in a sustained and stable manner ; and the major measures should meet the requirements for strengthening macroeconomic regulation and control , optimizing the economic structure , planning state key construction projects well , effectively improving people 's living standards , actively promoting employment , and succeeding in social security work and sustainable development . $number .
the state council may advance proposals on the particularly important construction projects of the state which involve a wide range of areas , create a far - reaching influence , and need enormous amounts of investment , to the npc or its standing committee , which then should examine , discuss , and make decisions on these proposals . $number .
adjustments that need to be made on the annual plan , five - year plan , and long - term plan approved by the npc in the process of economic operation should be reported by the state council to the standing committee for its examination and approval .
except in special cases , the state council should submit the proposals on the adjustment plans to the npc standing committee one month before the npc standing committee meeting is held .
the state council in $date should submit reports to the npc standing committee on how the plans are implemented in $number half of the year .
whenever necessary , the npc standing committee may hear , examine , and discuss the state council 's special reports on economic work .
the npc standing committee should supervise the implementation of the national economic and social development plan .
concerning the state 's key construction projects listed in the plan , it may hear the work reports given by the state council whenever necessary , as a way of supervision . $number .
concerning the conclusion and abolishment of economic treaties and agreements signed with other countries or international organizations , which should be decided and approved by the npc standing committee according to the stipulations of the prc law on procedures for concluding treaties , the state council should submit proposals to the npc standing committee for its examination , discussion , and approval . $number .
entrusted by the chairmanship meeting , relevant special committees may hold plenary meetings to hear special reports made by relevant state council departments .
the special reports of the relevant state council departments should be made under state council 's unified plan .
the financial and economic committee should hold plenary meetings in $number half of $date , $date , and $date to hear , analyze , and study the reports given by relevant state council departments on the economic operations of $number quarter , $number half , and $number three quarters of the year . $number .
when the npc standing committee holds a meeting to examine and discuss the items listed in this decision , the state council should provide relevant information and explanations in a timely manner whenever necessary and send state council responsible officials or responsible officials of relevant departments to attend the meeting to hear opinions and answer questions .
when a special committee holds a plenary meeting to examine and discuss the items listed in this decision , relevant state council departments should provide relevant information and explanations in a timely manner whenever necessary and send responsible officials to attend the meeting to hear opinions and answer questions . $number .
after hearing reports by relevant state council departments at its plenary meeting , a special committee should report its opinions and suggestions to the chairmanship meeting , which should then discuss and decide whether to endorse and transfer these opinions and suggestions to the state council and its relevant departments for their study and handling .
the chairmanship meeting should also report the outcome to the npc standing committee . $number . unless otherwise stipulated by laws , the npc standing committee should make public its supervision over economic work .
wen jiabao , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , presided over a symposium today on the results of a recent inspection trip concerning the " protection and rational use of national land and resources . " at the symposium , he discussed the major issue of protecting and making rational use of national land and resources together with the responsible persons of the central committee of all democratic parties , the responsible persons of the all - china federation of industry and commerce , and some specially invited commissioners for the supervision of national land and resources .
wen jiabao stressed : ours is a country which faces a relative shortage of natural resources ; therefore , we must introduce the world 's most stringent land and resource management system ; protect and rationally explore and use natural resources according to the law ; and promote well - balanced development between the country 's economic and social development and its resources .
in line with the " opinions of the cpc central committee on upholding and perfecting the system of multi - party cooperation and political consultations under the leadership of the cpc , " the ministry of land and resources and other relevant departments have successively unfolded the work of appointing democratic parties and non - party personages to be specially invited commissioners .
in $date last year , centering around the main theme of " protecting and making rational use of national land and resources , " the united front work department of the cpc central committee and the ministry of land and resources jointly organized some of the responsible persons of the central committee of democratic parties , the responsible persons of the all - china federation of industry and commerce , and some specially invited commissioners for the supervision of national land and resources to inspect the situation in shandong and hebei provinces .
the inspection group carried out investigations and studies mainly on the new situations and new problems that have cropped up during the implementation of the " law of the people 's republic of china on land management " and the " law of the people 's republic of china on mineral resources ; " summarized some experiences in such aspects as perfecting the legal system , stepping up land consolidation , and relying on science and technology for enhancing the utilization rate of resources ; and brought forward a number of good ideas on resolving problems that existed in the country 's protection of farmland , handling of land assets , supervision and control over law enforcement , and its management system of national land and resources .
the ministry of land and resources has already sent the inspection report to the respective departments in charge for their further studies , and relevant departments have also put forward their preliminary opinions on work improvements .
at today 's symposium , jiang zhenghua , vice chairman of the npc standing committee and vice chairman of the central committee of the chinese peasants ' and workers ' democratic party ; and wang wenyuan , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and executive vice chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society respectively briefed the meeting on their recent inspection trip to shandong and hebei .
in his speech delivered at the meeting , wen jiabao $number expressed thanks , on behalf of the cpc central committee and the state council , to the comrades participating in the inspection group .
he pointed out : this inspection shows the implementation of the system of multi - party cooperation and political consultations under the cpc leadership , and has proved to be a good way for democratic parties and non - party personages to participate in state affairs .
such practices can help make the decision - making process of party committees and governments at all levels more scientific and democratic , and can help government departments draw greater support and assistance from all social circles in their works and thus improve their work ; besides , such practices can also help give full play to the role of democratic parties in participating in and discussing state affairs and in exercising supervision , help democratic parties and non - party personages gain a thorough understanding of the social conditions of our country , and encourage them to bring forward good ideas and suggestions for the country 's construction so that they can make common efforts in pushing forward the undertaking of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
wen jiabao noted : the cpc central committee and the state council have attached great importance to the management of national land and resources ; have set up a number of systems for the unified control of natural resources , including land , mineral , and marine resources ; and have made it clear that same as family planning and environmental protection , the protection and a rational use of natural resources is also considered a basic national policy of our country .
in recent years , the work of protecting and making rational use of national land and resources has undergone further improvements .
all localities have taken steps to strengthen their land management , introduced a strict management system of land use , maintained strict controls over the total acreage of land used for construction purposes , taken steps to protect farmland , and have successfully kept in check the trend of giving unauthorized permission to divert the use of land and the indiscriminate occupation of farmland for other purposes . a total of $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities have ensured a balance between the use and the supplementary supply of farmland ; besides , they have also rectified the order of the mineral industry according to the law , taken resolute steps to halt an indiscriminate excavation of mineral resources , and have evidently reduced the number of cases involving violations of the law , especially cases involving illegal , unlicensed excavation .
the " law of the people 's republic of china for the protection of the marine environment , " which was promulgated by the npc not long ago , will be of great significance in promoting a sustainable growth in marine resources .
wen jiabao pointed out : there still exist a number of problems in the protection , exploration , and utilization of national land and resources which we should not overlook .
in view of these problems , all relevant departments are required to further study the opinions and suggestions brought up by the inspection group , work out measures for improving their work , ensure sound implementation of the measures , and make sure that every measure can yield tangible results in a down - to - earth manner .
at present , we should stress the work in the following aspects : i. we should enhance our understanding of the issue , and ensure sound implementation of the responsibility system for leaders .
leaders are the key to sound protection and rational use of national land and resources .
in view of this , we must unremittingly educate our vast numbers of cadres , especially party and government leaders at all levels , on the policies and laws that are designed for the protection and rational use of resources , so as to enhance their understanding on the importance of this task .
we should act in line with comrade jiang zemin 's requirement that " the number - one party and government leaders at all levels should assume overall responsibility for , and take personal charge of , the work , " which he raised at last year 's central work conference on population , resources , and environment ; adopt effective measures in the work ; and conscientiously put into practice the responsibility system for leaders .
we should tighten control over the implementation of land resource plans .
the national land and resources plans formulated by the state according to the law have a legal binding force ; once they are approved , they should be put into practice strictly , and no locality or leader is allowed to make any change to the plans without authorization .
the state council has already approved and transmitted to lower levels both the outline of the state 's overall land - use program and the land - use programs formulated by different provinces , autonomous regions , municipalities , and a number of large and medium cities ; and we should ensure strict implementation of all these land - use programs .
we should handle affairs in strict accordance with the law , and increase the intensity of our law enforcement .
at present , out of their local and immediate interests , some localities have illegally occupied farmland for other purposes under all sorts of different pretexts , and have issued land - use and mineral - production licenses beyond their authority .
we should handle such malpractices with severity , and take actions against such malpractices earnestly ; and should by no means settle the matter in a perfunctory manner , or close such cases by making criticisms , imposing penalties , or completing the formalities omitted before .
to put an end to the weak and inefficient work of law - enforcement organs as well as their failure to fully enforce the law , we should study and work out practical and workable solutions . departments in charge of national land and resources should work together with discipline inspection and supervision departments and other relevant departments in their strict handling of cases involving violations of laws and regulations on national land and resources ; and must see to it that laws are observed and strictly enforced and that lawbreakers are taken to task .
we should reinforce the building of the contingent of law - enforcement and supervisory personnel for the management of national land and resources .
to introduce the strictest system for the management of national land and resources , we must build up a contingent of law - enforcement personnel who can ensure a smooth implementation of state orders and decrees , fully enforce the law , provide high - quality services , and are honest and diligent in performing their official duties .
holding the examination - and - approval authority over the use of land and resources , departments in charge of national land and resources are required to strictly implement relevant state laws and policies , enforce the law with justice , and never play favorites or seek personal gains .
we should strengthen the ideological education among the contingent of cadres , establish a mechanism of supervision and constraint , and guard against the malpractice of abusing power for personal gain through the establishment of sound systems .
also present at today 's symposium were wang zhaoguo , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and head of the cpc united front work department ; zhu peikang , vice chairman of the central committee of the revolutionary committee of the chinese kuomintang ; luo hanxian , vice chairman of the central committee of the china democratic league ; zhu yuancheng , vice chairman of the central committee of the china democratic national construction association ; wang liping , vice chairman of the central committee of the china association for promoting democracy ; wu mingxi , vice chairman of the central committee of the china zhi gong dang ; liu yiming , vice chairman of the central committee of the of the taiwan democratic self - government league ; yan keqiang , vice chairman of the all - china federation of industry and commerce ; as well as responsible comrades of relevant departments under the cpc central committee and the state council .
at the turn of the century , the editorial analyzed , the war in kosovo has again warned that hi - tech wars are not far away from us . the increasingly rampant forces for taiwan independence show that the fight for reunification of our motherland is acute and complex .
deepening scientific and technological training is a pressing task for the training of the whole army and preparations made for military struggles .
it is the sacred mission of the whole army to defend the country 's security , unification , and territorial integrity .
as future wars will be fought under hi - tech conditions , we should train our soldiers in the hi - tech background .
we must closely associate our military training with our army 's preparations for military struggles , strive to deepen scientific and technological training , make efforts to improve the troops ' combat effectiveness with science and technology , and ensure that our troops can " win wars . "
the editorial pointed out that training soldiers with science and technology is a deep reform representing a milestone in the history of our military training .
in the year or so since the whole army 's scientific and technological training was proposed $date , the rank - and - file have responded to the call in a positive way . they have created a large amount of fresh experience in training soldiers with science and technology through their abundant and vivid implementation of the great call . this fully shows the great effect and strong vitality of scientific and technological training for enhancing the whole army 's ability to " win wars " and for promoting army building .
the editorial said that the deepening of scientific and technological training is a strategic choice made by the chinese army in light of the development of the times .
it should be noted that military training is the basic way to produce and enhance combat effectiveness in the peaceful period and that it would be very difficult to achieve a leap forward in the quality of military training only through increasing the intensity and prolonging the time of training .
to change ways of increasing combat effectiveness and follow a new road of training and development , the only choice is to seek combat effectiveness through science and technology .
for this reason , we must have a sense of urgency to keep abreast of the times , vigorously step up scientific and technological training , and strive to make a big stride in our military training .
finally , the editorial stated that the deepening of scientific and technological training is an objective requirement in military training for the development of the army 's modernization program .
with the readjustment of the army 's establishment and qualitative building , our weaponry is continuously updated . this requires us to increase the scientific and technological content in our training , give full play to the functions of the new equipment , and achieve the best combination of people and weapons .
improvement in the cultural quality of the rank - and - file and reform of the military service system require us to apply science in our training , strive to shorten training periods , and speed up the outcome of combat effectiveness .
currently , the rapid development of science and technology provides an excellent opportunity for our troops to deepen scientific and technological training .
the difficulty with respect to china 's modernization does not lie in the east , but rather in the west .
and the important way station in china 's modernization may well turn out to lie in the western region .
this view was made public by wang mengkui in his talk at a recent seminar .
according to wang mengkui , our nation is a large developing country with extensive border regions ; because there exist great inequalities between the prevailing conditions for and basis of economic development in these various regions , the challenges presented by and the pace of realizing modernization in each place are also different .
the realization of modernization in china certainly should encompass the vast region of the west .
wang mengkui stated that opening up the west is a development strategy that must be grasped for the long term , a long - term strategic responsibility , and not merely a shock work task that can be completed in a short time .
we should be prepared to concentrate on the issue of opening up the west for the duration of $date .
speaking about the phased nature of opening up the west , wang mengkui stated that the opening up of the western region requires careful planning , an ordered sequence and gradual steps .
$number and foremost , the current situation of the west must be well understood , and we must investigate the number of phases that will be involved in passing from the current situation to the realization of basic modernization , and the special features of each phase , what the objectives and responsibilities will be for each one , so that modernization will be gradually realized in steps comprising definite phases .
the most urgent task that we face is to determine the following : what is the ( extent of the ) $number phase in opening up the west , that is , should it ( extend up to ) the time of the " fifteen " ( probably $number five year plan ) or for a still longer period ; what milestones and responsibilities will be involved in opening up the western region ; what are the key projects for industrial development and regional development ; what is the potential for economic growth ; and what are the prevailing internal and external conditions .
wang mengkui said that opening up the west requires expansion of the functions of government ; this point is a certainty .
questions that need further investigation are : what are the resources that can be provided by government ?
what policies can be applied by government ?
how can policy implementation be made more effective ?
increasing the dynamics of shifted payment will provide much more support to infrastructure construction in the western region ; this is something that is already underway at the national level , and will without doubt continue .
but there are limits to the financial capacity of the central government ; it is most important that we should reform and improve our economic system , expanding access to the open policy for domestic and foreign concerns , and accelerating the ( movement of ) resources from economically more prosperous regions , both foreign and non - local resources , letting them flow more ( freely ) into the west , driven by market forces .
this should be a natural process set off by economic development ; the " $number tier construction " $date involving factory relocation was something entirely different . speaking about the relationship between the opening up of the west and the central region , wang mengkui said that the current division ( of china ) into eastern , central and western regions was designed for the purpose of comprehensively ( addressing the concerns of different ) geographic positions , administrative boundaries and standards of economic development .
whatever way these are approached , it would be difficult to fully encompass them all .
no matter how you divide things up , the spirit and substance of such division is always to answer the question of how the economically backward regions can be made to expand on their strengths , uncover their potential , and accelerate their development .
the central region occupies an important position in the development of the whole country : we must pay attention to the development of the central region .
in reality , the various preferential policies currently being articulated at the national level are to be implemented precisely for the purpose of putting the central and western regions together .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - after accomplishing all the agenda satisfactorily , the $number meeting of the standing committee of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] concluded today in the great hall of the people .
chairman li peng presided over the meeting .
the meeting , in line with the nomination of the state council , appointed tian fengshan as the minister of land and natural resources , and removed zhou yongkang from the post .
president jiang zemin signed presidential order no. $number to release the personnel change .
the meeting $number listened to the report made by wang weicheng , chairman of the npc law committee , on the opinions on revising $number draft version of the npc standing committee 's decision on strengthening economic supervision .
afterward , the meeting approved the decision through voting . the meeting also approved the draft agenda for $number session of $number npc , and decided to submit the agenda to the preparatory meeting of $number session of $number npc for examination . the meeting also approved the draft list of presidium and the secretary - general for $number session of $number npc , and decided to submit the list to the preparatory meeting of $number session of $number npc for examination .
the meeting today also passed in principle the draft work report of the npc standing committee . the draft work report will be revised at the chairmanship meeting in line with the opinions proposed by standing committee members , and then being submitted to $number session of $number npc .
the meeting also passed the namelist of non - voting delegates to $number session of $number npc , and the report on the qualifications of newly elected or added deputies by the credential committee of the standing committee . the meeting also passed the standing committee 's decisions on approving the china - cambodia extradition treaty , china - tunisia treaty on judicial aid to civil and commercial affairs , and the china - tadzhikistan agreement on borders .
npc standing committee member edmundo ho hau wah , after taking the office of the chief executive of the macao special administrative region , asked to step down from the post of npc standing committee member .
the appointment and removal of the minister of land and natural resources and other personnel were also approved at the meeting .
with all the agenda completed , chairman li peng spoke at the meeting .
he said : the standing committee meeting reexamined and approved the decision of the npc standing committee on strengthening economic supervision .
the decision summed up the basic experiences of the npc standing committee over the past years in economic supervision , adopted the opinions posed at $number examination meeting , and suggested practical methods for carrying out the work in this respect .
the decision is of great importance in terms of manifesting the npc standing committee 's performance of duty enshrined by the constitution and the law , in enhancing and standardizing the supervision over the government 's economic work , and in ensuring the national economy to develop in a sustained , rapid , and healthy manner .
the meeting examined and approved the work report of the npc standing committee , and reviewed in an overall manner the major work of the standing committee in the past year . in particular , it summed up the work experiences of the standing committee over the past two years and posed major work tasks for the year to come .
in the process of examining the work report , members confirmed the work of the standing committee in the past year and showed confidence toward the standing committee 's ability to accomplish the major tasks of the upcoming year . the meeting confirmed the work report , and also posed some helpful opinions and suggestions for the standing committee 's work hereafter .
li peng held , since reform and opening up , china 's culture market has witnessed great development , but faced some problems that should be quickly resolved as well .
it is imperative for us to improve the management of culture market , and steer it to a correct direction with a proper handling of the relationship between the development of culture market and social advancement , the relationship between social benefits and economic returns , and the relationship between the culture market 's prosperity and management .
state council and the related departments should sum up experiences , enhance legal system building , and reinforce various supervision measures in a comprehensive manner , so to ensure a healthy and orderly development of the culture market , and thus make ceaseless contributions to the building of the socialist spiritual civilization and the improvement of chinese culture .
li peng said : another important task of the meeting was to prepare for $number session of $number people 's congress .
$number session of $number npc will be an important meeting at the turn of the century .
at the session , it is imperative for the standing committee members to work with other members to conscientiously carry out the guiding thoughts of the session , practice democracy , handle things according to the law , examine every bill conscientiously , and ensure the work report , decisions , and laws approved by the session reflect the basic interest and will of the state and people .
in line with the constitution , the npc standing committee should be responsible for the npc , and make work report to it .
the standing committee members should take the initiative to receive supervision from the people 's congress . standing committee members should listen to deputies ' opinions modestly in a bid to improve the work of the standing committee hereafter and honor the duty enshrined by the constitutions and laws in a down - to - earth manner .
attending the meeting were vice chairmen of the npc standing committee tian jiyun , jiang chunyun , zou jiahua , wang guangying , buhe , tomur dawamat , wu jieping , peng peiyun , he luli , zhou guangzhao , cao zhi , ding shisun , cheng siwei , xu jialu , and jiang zhenghua , and secretary general he chunlin . attending the meeting as non - voting delegates were wu bangguo , vice premier of the state council , xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and han zhubin , procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate .
thank you mr. chairman , thank you all for graciously attending this seminar .
my own life is linked to the cause of china 's reforms .
the fact that reform is the main topic of this seminar today is a tremendous honor for mew , and also a spur to me .
i will now give my own observations in reviewing the $number years of reform in china and will also look toward the future of the reforms ; please make your criticisms .
china 's reforms have achieved very great success .
the basic yardstick of this success is that the outline of a market economy based on mixed ownership has now emerged .
during the past $number years , there has been an initial change in the previous situation of single rule by the planned economy .
take industry , for instance ; the output value of state enterprises in industry as a whole declined from $number percent $date to $number percent last year , while the share of non - state - owned economy has risen from $number percent to $number percent .
under the impetus of market forces , china 's economy has developed at flying speed in the past $number years , and living standards have risen everywhere ; this point is recognized by the world .
we must also realize however that from the angle of changing the pattern of resource allocation , we have not yet made the big breakthrough in reform .
the $number party congress specifically pointed out that the basic content of economic reform is to change the pattern of resource allocation and switch from planned economy to market economy which exploits the basic nature of the market in resource allocation .
although the proportion of state - owned economy in gdp is not high now , being only about one - $number , in terms of the amount of economic resources it takes up , state - owned economy still occupies the main position .
and the reform of the state - owned economy is by no means satisfactory , and we are very far from being able to say that the market is now playing a basic role in this part of resource allocation .
in this way , state - owned economy which consumes two - thirds of the capital resources that are in shortest supply only contributes one - $number of gdp . this is the general source of the many economic problems now besetting us .
for instance , the system root of the problem of " duplicate construction " which we have discussed a great deal and which greatly concerns the government lies in the fact that state - owned economy has not been fundamentally reformed and reorganized , and occupies the most important position in resource control .
we could cite many similar problems ; for instance , the lowering of the efficiency of state - owned economy leads to fragility in the financial system , and so on .
i will only talk about one point here : the rural problem .
that the income level and living standards of the peasants cannot be improved has now become a serious economic and social problem .
why do the peasants have no money ?
how can they be enabled to get rich ?
from the viewpoint of economics , a key condition is to shift $number to $number surplus rural laborers to nonagricultural occupations .
why did this shift come to a halt $number years after the reforms were launched , and a shift back actually occurred ?
it is because our industry and commerce lack creative vitality , or else their vitality has not been exploited .
there are two aspects to this question , one is that state - owned economy has not been fundamentally revamped , and the other is that non - state - owned economy has not been properly developed .
why did this state of affairs come about ?
i think an important reason is that some people possess extremely complex and deep - rooted vested interests in the old state - owned economy .
in particular , the cream of society has major interests in the old state - owned economy .
thus , we will encounter very great resistance in reforming and reorganizing state - owned economy and developing non - state - owned economy .
i recently spent some time in hungary .
our hungarian colleagues , including socialist reformers with whom we were very familiar $date , told us with great bitterness about the lessons they had learned .
why could their reforms not carry on $date ? the most important reason was that certain people in important positions had major interests in the national economy under the old system , and they therefore resorted to all means to block the development of non - state - owned economy ; at the same time they used preferential treatment policies , issued subsidies , released loans and so on to support and prop up the state enterprises and reproduce the old setup in which there was no separation of party and government .
is there a similar problem in china ?
since the $date the party central committee has tried to launch a battle to tackle tough problems in the state - owned economy , to do what deng xiaoping called " touching the tiger 's buttocks . "
in addition , $date $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee issued the famous " decision of the cpc central committee on reform of the economic system . "
reforms in this respect , however , have not proceeded very smoothly .
from this aspect , difficulties also exist in reforming the state - owned economy in china . major breakthroughs have been made in theory and policy since the $number party congress .
as everyone knows , in line with the " three benefits " principle , the $number party congress decided to readjust and perfect the ownership structure of the national economy and establish the basic economic system for a long time to come .
specifically , there are three aspects in this readjustment : $number , the scope of state - owned economy is narrowed , and state capital has to be withdrawn from some departments ; $number , we seek a variety of ways of realizing public ownership that can promote the development of the productive forces , and develop various forms of public ownership ; $number , we genuinely turn private ownership economy into an important component part of socialist market economy .
last year 's $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee made the guidelines of the $number party congress more specific .
for instance , $number , it limited to four the sectors related to the public good and state security that still need to be state - controlled ; $number , apart from a very small number of enterprises that still need to be run as state monopolies , all companies must institute a multiplicity of shareholding ; $number , the scope of letting go and enlivening is extended from small state enterprises to medium - sized ones ; and $number , every large enterprise must set up a legal entity administrative structure that can establish a balanced relationship between owners and operators .
it should be said that the guidelines and policies of the cpc central committee and the chinese government are correct , and the problem now is to implement them .
in the past two years a phenomenon has existed which causes anxiety , that is , there is a trend in the state - owned departments to neglect reform and reorganization and to enthusiastically engage in " rushing to the ministries for money . "
in order to overcome the current insufficiency of demand , the fiscal system has adopted the methods of issuing bonds and increasing taxes to mobilize resources , to be used in boosting demand and promoting economic growth .
if , however , this is turned into a long - term policy for mobilizing nongovernmental resources and saving state enterprises , this will cause a whole series of negative microeconomic and macroeconomic consequences .
$number of all , intensifying the government role in resource allocation cannot enhance overall national economic efficiency .
in addition , using this method over a long period will excessively increase the treasury burden and threaten economic and social stability .
still more important , if the state enterprises neglect their own reform and reorganization because they are enthusiastically engaged in securing state resource injections , the result will be duplication and strengthening of the old setup .
what are the ways out for us in these circumstances ?
i believe : $number way out is , in accordance with the demands of the $number party congress and $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , given the withdrawal of state capital from certain departments or the reduction of its support in varying degrees , to revamp all large and medium - sized enterprises into modern companies that accord with the prc law on companies and international practice .
this means , $number , establishing the modern company basis of a variety of asset ownership systems ; $number , on the basis of a multiplicity of shareholding , establishing an effective legal entity administrative structure ; $number , establishing a board of directors in which non - executive directors ( including some independent directors ) hold the dominant position ; the board must undertake trust obligations ( also called trustee responsibilities ) ; $number , the board of directors should supervise and encourage the enterprise management by means of its own managerial appointments committee , remuneration committee , and auditing committee ; $number , it is essential to ensure that the management 's decisionmaking powers on routine affairs do not suffer interference ; at the same time , a management remuneration system should be established , based on merits and efficiency ; and finally , it is necessary to aim at protecting the interests of all the shareholders in strictly supervising and controlling the listed companies .
all this work is very arduous .
judging by the process of reorganization now under way in a number of large departments , such as petrochemicals , telecommunications , electric power , and the metallurgical industry , many deep - seated problems have been encountered in this respect .
take enterprise systems , for instance ; it is necessary not only to resolve some system problems that formed under the planned economy , but also to resolve some system problems that formed in the process of delegating powers and benefits during the past $number years .
these problems involve the vested interests of all kinds of people in society , and solving these problems is both economically and politically extremely difficult ; but if we continue to evade these problems that have accumulated over a long period , the more we delay , the more passive we will become .
we can only summon up the resolve to carry out fundamental reform and reorganization .
what is the correct guideline for resolving these problems ?
i think we should persist in implementing the cpc central committee decisions since $number plenary session of the $number central committee , and especially the guidelines of the $number party congress and $number plenary session of the $number central committee .
that is , $number , resolutely carry out the guideline of both advance and withdrawal ; $number , fundamentally resolve the problem of enterprise system ; $number , the supervision and control methods used by government departments in intervening in many respects in the microeconomic activities of the enterprises should be replaced by a new supervision and control system suited to market economy .
with regard to joining the world trade organization , one recent reaction has been blind optimism and the belief that china will profit whatever it does .
there is also the idea that " the wolf is here . "
however we nave not done anything like enough regarding what practical steps to take to ensure true vitality for our native economy .
in addition , instead of devoting efforts to fundamentally improving the operational state of the state enterprises , we use the old methods of " providing policy " and " blood transfusions " to seek their short - term preservation ; and so on and so forth .
unless we break through these areas of misunderstanding , it will be very hard to implement the decisions of the $number party congress and $number plenary session of the $number central committee .
$number way out lies in vigorously promoting the development of non - state - owned economy .
according to the spirit of the $number party congress and $number plenary session of the $number central committee , there are two things that must be done : $number , completely let go those state - owned medium - sized and small enterprises in places where they have not been completely let go .
$number , the government at all levels must without discrimination clear away the obstacles to the development of all enterprises , including revamped state enterprises and also enterprises set up by nongovernmental bodies , and create a good operational environment for them .
we are glad that a number of regions have now emerged that have implemented the central policies and guidelines relatively well , with the result that their economy is flourishing and there is full employment and social stability .
for example , this new atmosphere has emerged in most parts of zhejiang province .
if we carry out investigation in those areas , we will find that the reason why they have been so successful is not because their resource conditions are particularly good , nor because the state has given them particularly preferential policies and a great deal of investment , or because the state banks have loaned them particularly large sums ; instead , it is because they have worked hard to implement the central guidelines on reform and opening up .
on the one hand the intensity of reforming and reorganizing state - owned economy there is quite strong , and on the other , economy under a variety of ownership systems has developed quite rapidly .
since these areas where objective conditions are not particularly good can achieve this , other areas where conditions are better can naturally do the same .
from this angle , the prospects for china 's development are optimistic .
the propaganda department of the cpc central committee has conscientiously unfolded an activity of " looking back " at the education of " three stresses , " which aims to consolidate and expand the achievements of the " three - stresses " education through rectifying and improving the work and through discussions of major issues .
on $date , the central propaganda department called a departmental affairs meeting to further study general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech , enhance understanding , seek unity of thinking , make thoroughgoing reflections in the light of the realities , work out concrete arrangements for strengthening and improving the ideological and political work in its implementation of the directives of the central authorities , and to discuss a number of major issues which need to be resolved in the propaganda and ideological work during the country 's present cross - century development .
ding guangen presided over and spoke at the meeting .
the meeting stressed that the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core has placed the task of strengthening and improving the ideological and political work before the whole party as a major issue of an overall , strategic , and leading significance .
we must act in line with the requirement of general secretary jiang : the more we need to deepen reform , expand the scope of opening up , and develop a socialist market economy , the more we should set a great value on and should strengthen the ideological and political work .
we must enhance our political awareness , our awareness of overall interests , and our awareness of our responsibilities ; regard the ideological and political work as the essential among essentials ; grasp the work firmly , create a sound atmosphere , and carry out the work in a down - to - earth manner ; and provide a strong spiritual motive power and a powerful ideological guarantee for our efforts to promote the development of reform and maintain the stability of the society .
to strengthen the ideological and political work , we must put our foothold on the grass - roots level and vigorously reinforce our awareness of seizing the ideological front , noted the meeting .
we must get closer to the masses ; be good at attending issues that are most concerned by the masses and that are most closely related to the immediate interests of the masses ; and accomplish our work to the total satisfaction of the masses . we should show respect , understanding , and concern for the masses ; listen to their voice ; familiarize ourselves with the weal and woe of the masses ; not only reason things out , but also do solid work for them ; and accomplish more work that can warm people 's heart , win popular support , and stabilize public feelings .
we should keep to a correct orientation in our work , give wide publicity to the main theme of our time , carry forward and develop healthy trends in society , and occupy the front of mass culture with healthy and beneficial activities .
exhibition halls , museums , science museums , libraries , cultural centers , cinemas , entertainment venues , and tourist spots are all required to propagate a spiritual civilization , oppose feudal and superstitious ideas , and resist vulgar interests .
the meeting urged efforts to summarize a number of advanced models and experiences in the ideological and political work .
it is necessary to organize the publication of a batch of articles that carry a lot of weight and enjoy great profundity , with a view to providing clear and persuasive answers to the specific questions that are concerned by the masses .
meanwhile , a batch of outstanding books , films , television series , and other cultural products should also be created to enrich the cultural life of the masses .
continued efforts are required in carrying out a number of activities in depth , including the three major creations ; " stressing on decorum and establishing new practices in society " ; " sending three services to rural areas " ; the activities of sending warmth and joining hands ; the project hope ; the volunteers ; the train of the young where civility reigns ; five - good families ; star - class civilized households ; civil servants who work to the satisfaction of the people ; the activity in which the army , the police , and civilians are building a spiritual civilization with common efforts ; and the activity of ensuring that no fake goods are sold in $number shops in $number cities .
we should conscientiously investigate and study the new features , new forms , and new contents of the ideological and political work under the present new situation ; and find out new laws of the work in real terms , so as to enhance both the aim and effectiveness of the ideological and political work .
the meeting pointed out : in the face of a multipolarization trend in the world setup , the globalization of the economy , the rapid development of both high technology and the information industry , and the mutual exchanges and impacts of different cultures ; in the face of a diversification trend in the economic elements and economic interests of our country , in the way of social life , in the organizational form of the society , and in the forms of employment ; and in the face of the objective requirement that our propaganda and cultural undertaking should accelerate a change from adapting itself to a planned economic system to adapting itself to a socialist market economic system , our efforts to study the major issues concerning the propaganda and ideological work during the country 's cross - century development have a great bearing on whether we can successfully propagate the main theme of our time , gain the initiative in the battle , and bring into $date the foundation of a propaganda and ideological work filled with vitality .
from now on , we should concentrate our forces ; conduct thoroughgoing investigations and studies ; make careful reflections ; work out countermeasures and see to their implementation ; and enhance the principled orientation , systematically , foreseeability , and creativity of the ideological and political work .
ding guangen stressed : the " three - stresses " education has a vital importance to the future and the fate of the party ; to the overall situation of reform , development , and stability ; and to the great cause of rejuvenation of our nation .
we must act in accordance with the requirements of the central authorities ; conscientiously carry out the activity of " looking back " at the " three - stresses " education ; find out our shortcomings in work ; draw up measures ; carry out rectification and improvement in a down - to - earth manner ; seek tangible results ; and give rise to a coherent force , a combat power , and a sound mental outlook through the " three - stresses " education .
ding guangen pointed out emphatically : the fact that the members of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee have recently gone down to the grass - roots level to conduct investigations to study and to provide guidance for the " three - stresses " education has served to show the great importance the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core has attached to the " three - stresses " education ; served to show its great concern for the work of strengthening the building of leading bodies at and above the county level , and for the work of enhancing the ideological and political qualities of leading cadres ; and has served to set a fine example for the whole party in establishing a sound ideological work style and a sound work style . all this is of a great and far - reaching significance to the efforts of the whole party to conscientiously improve the party building ; enhance the coherent force and the combat power of the party ; push forward the new and great undertaking of the party building ; and to promote the country 's reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
general secretary jiang pointed out during his inspection trip in guangdong : " the reason why our party can win the support of the people is that our party , as the vanguard of the chinese working class , has always represented the development demand of china 's social productive forces , represented the orientation of china 's advanced culture , and represented the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the chinese people during all historical periods of construction and reform ; and has made unremitting efforts for the final realization of the fundamental interests of both our country and our people through formulating correct lines , principles , and policies . "
all comrades on the propaganda and ideological front are required to do a good job in studying , propagating , and implementing general secretary jiang 's important expositions on three " represents . "
meanwhile , we should also act in line with the requirement of general secretary jiang ; launch an educational activity of " never forgetting where our wealth comes from , and striving for more progress after attaining a well - off life " among the vast numbers of cadres and masse , especially among the cadres and masses in areas which have already attained a relatively fast growth ; further pool together , and bring into play , the wisdom and the forces of all people ; and comprehensively push forward the great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
beijing , $date - - the taiwan authorities have been using every means in their power to purchase " western weapons " in large quantities . after nearly $number years of spare - no - expense military purchases , taiwan 's troops are indeed equipped with a large quantity of advanced arms and equipment .
however , if war breaks out because of taiwan 's quest for independence , these western weapons will not be able to play a decisive role in cross - strait military conflicts .
the practice of modern wars as well as historical experience and lessons both show that a couple of new weapons cannot stop the advance of history .
these were comments made by wang weixing , a research fellow at the institute of strategic studies of the academy of military science .
today 's jiefangjun bao devoted a full page to this interview , entitled " western weapons cannot stop the reunification of the motherland . "
wang weixing said : on the surface , the weaponry of taiwan 's troops appears quite well - developed in terms of scale and systems .
however , if we analyze it more carefully , we will discover that very little of its weapons , particularly hi - tech weapons , are locally manufactured . most of them were acquired from western countries . the most striking problem about them is that they come in many varieties and have different origins .
the lack of compatibility makes it difficult to form a well - integrated force .
this gives rise to many contradictions and problems between different arms and services and between different weapon systems . there are even problems with the compatibility and fusion of weapons of the same system . the fact that the weaponry has trouble forming a well - integrated force as a whole makes it difficult to support combined - arms operations under modern hi - tech conditions .
he said : taiwan 's troops have another fatal weakness , namely , they are too dependent on other countries and are subject to many restrictions .
depletion is alarming in modern hi - tech wars . the more advanced the weaponry , the greater the depletion due to destruction from attacks and the war itself .
if the " pro - independence " splittist forces are bent on splitting the motherland and war breaks out as a result , the weaponry of taiwan 's troops simply cannot afford the depletion .
moreover , since taiwan cannot make any of the hi - tech weapons , the initiative to make replenishments is in the hands of others .
it has no say in the matter at all .
on the decisive factors in the outcome of war , he said : taiwan 's weaknesses in terms of political , geographical , climatic , war potential and other factors are things that no advanced weaponry can make up .
taiwan 's geographical environment is such that it is impossible to bring the maximum capability of high - performance weapons into play .
taiwan island has an area of $number square kilometers . it stretches $number kilometers from north to south but only measures $number kilometers from east to west . in addition , it has $number smaller islands . two - thirds of the territory is mountainous or hilly areas .
such a geographical condition lacks the necessary strategic depth because there is limited maneuvering space . even though taiwan 's troops have a lot of high - performance weapons of international advanced standards , they have a large area to defend and the targets are scattered . their tasks are arduous and overlapping . moreover , because of taiwan 's proximity to the mainland , they are bound to find themselves in straitened circumstances and unable to attend to all fronts at the same time in combat .
these conditions of taiwan 's troops greatly affect their overall combat effectiveness .
some people summed up their six fears during the taiwan strait crisis last year : $number , fear of missile attack ; $number , fear of maritime blockade ; $number , fear of combined - arms landing operations ; $number , fear of people 's war ; $number , fear of the undependability of " western weapons " ; and $number , fear of " foreigners " backing off .
there is some truth in this .
on the close links between the military purchases of the taiwan authorities and the pace of li teng - hui 's quest for taiwan 's independence , he pointed out : put more plainly , military purchases out of political objectives are political gambles by li teng - hui and a handful of irresponsible politicians .
$number , they are doing their best to please the united states by making military purchases and trying to drag the americans down into the water by putting more money in their pocket .
they are hoping to obstruct the reunification of the motherland by forming an alliance with the united states and japan . $number , they are trying to highlight us support and assistance to the taiwan authorities through us arms sales to taiwan in order to deceive the public .
the taiwan authorities spent more than us $ $number on arms purchases over the past two decades . on this question , wang weixing said : the money spent by the taiwan authorities on arms purchases is essentially the hard - earned money of people on both sides of the strait .
the taiwan authorities are doing the biggest blaspheme against peaceful cross - strait trade and hurling the biggest insult at the chinese people on both sides of the strait by purchasing arms to split the motherland and seeking independence .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the announcement of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] . $number . since $number meeting of $number npc standing committee , nine deputies to $number npc have passed away . they were : liu zicheng from heilongjiang , chen minzhang from zhejiang , gao fenglai from henan , xie fei from guangdong , song fumin from guangxi , wang yuefeng ( li nationality ) from hainan , bai shangwu from sichuan , hong weizong ( hui nationality ) from ningxia , and hanibai mageda ( kazak nationality ) from xinjiang .
there were three deputies dismissed , namely , han jingchang from jiangxi , zhang kuntong from henan , and yu guoxin from guangxi .
on $date , at the meeting of the macao special administrative region [ sar ] electing the deputies to $number npc , in line with the " method for electing deputies of prc macao sar to $number npc , " which was approved by $number session of $number npc , seven deputies of the macao sar to $number npc were elected . they are : liu yi - liang , li ch 'eng - chun , yang yun - chung , wu shih - ming , ho yi - ch 'eng , huang feng - hua , and p 'an yu - lan .
recently , $number deputies to $number npc were elected or elected through by - election by local people 's congresses and people 's congress standing committees . there are : lu dexun from inner mongolia , song fatang from heilongjiang , ji yunshi from jiangsu , wang taihua from anhui , li keqiang from henan , wang xueping ( li nationality ) from hainan , yang chonghui and zhou yongkang from sichuan , meng qiliang ( miao nationality ) from guizhou , yang yongshan ( hui nationality ) from ningxia , shamaerhan wusiman ( kazak nationality ) from xinjiang .
the npc standing committee approved the qualification investigation report made by the credential committee , and confirmed the following $number people to be the deputies to $number npc . there are : liu yi - liang , li ch 'eng - chun , yang yun - chung , wu shih - ming , ho yi - ch 'eng , huang feng - hua , and p 'an yu - lan ( female ) , lu dexun , song fatang , ji yunshi , wang taihua , li keqiang , wang xueping ( li nationality ) , yang chonghui , zhou yongkang , meng qiliang ( miao nationality ) , yang yongshan ( hui nationality ) , and shamaerhan wusiman ( kazak nationality ) .
currently , there are $number representatives to $number npc . $number .
according to $number regulation of the " method for electing deputies of prc macao sar to $number npc , " the five deputies for the macao sar to $number npc , who were elected by the guangdong $number people 's congress before the establishment of the macao sar , automatically become the deputies of the macao sar to $number npc after the establishment of the macao sar .
now , macao sar has $number deputies to $number npc . there are : wang ch 'i - jen , liu yi - liang , li ch 'eng - chun , yang yun - chung , yang hsiu - wen ( female ) , wu shih - ming , edmund ho hau wah , k 'e cheng - p 'ing , ho yi - ch 'eng , t 'ang hsing - ch 'iao , huang feng - hua , and p 'an yu - lan ( female ) .
this announcement was hereby published . [ signed ] npc standing committee [ dated ] $date
moscow , $date ( xinhua ) - - a joint communiqu on the visit of russia by the foreign minister of the people 's republic of china was published on $date in moscow .
full text of the communiqu as follows : at the invitation of igor ivanov , foreign minister of the russian federation , tang jiaxuan , foreign minister of the people 's republic of china , made an official visit to the russian federation between $date and $date .
the two countries ' foreign ministers held talks in which they fully exchanged views over bilateral relations and over major issues in the current international situation .
the talks were carried out in an atmosphere of mutual understanding and trust .
vladmir putin , acting president and premier of the russian federation , met with foreign minister tang jiaxuan .
tang jiaxuan handed a letter from jiang zemin , the president of the people 's republic of china , to putin .
in that letter , president jiang zemin gave high evaluation to the excellent development of the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership .
putin stressed that the russian side would abide by the line of comprehensive cooperation between russia and china and take into consideration bilateral cooperation in various fields in a balanced manner based on the various principles defined in the joint documents published by both sides and on the agreements reached by both sides . putin pointed out that maintaining regular meetings between the high - level leaders of the two countries was extremely important for developing and deepening the russian - chinese strategic partnership .
both sides reaffirmed that there would be another sino - russian summit meeting this year .
both sides agreed to make earnest preparations to achieve marked and practical results in the regular meetings between the sino - russian premiers .
during the talks , tang jiaxuan and ivanov satisfactorily pointed out that the mutual cooperation between china and russia was not directed at $number countries and that such a cooperation would increasingly become a major factor promoting a multi - polar world and the establishment of a just and reasonable international order .
the two countries ' foreign ministers called for the unconditional respect for the right of the people of all countries to choose social systems , value concepts , and ways of development in line with their countries ' conditions . they considered the interference in the internal affairs of sovereign countries on humanitarian grounds and in the name of protecting human rights constitute acts that violate the purpose and principle of the united nations charter .
both sides stressed that any acts that aim at undermining sovereign nations ' territorial integrity are unacceptable .
both sides pointed out that maintaining global strategic stability under the present situation is of special significance to safeguard world peace .
both sides agreed to continuously enhance and deepen the two countries ' cooperation in this area .
the anti - ballistic missile treaty [ abm ] signed $date is a foundation for strategic stability . both sides highly evaluated their joint efforts at the united nations and other international organizations for the comprehensive and strict abiding of that treaty .
the two countries ' foreign ministers reaffirmed that the two nations have consensus on the issue of ensuring security and stability in their peripheral regions , such as asia - pacific , central asia and south asia .
both sides expressed the willingness to comprehensively promote the cooperation within the framework of the " shanghai five . "
china and russia support the active organizational efforts made by asia - pacific regions in maintaining regional security . the two countries reaffirmed their support for the call of some countries in asia in creating non - nuclear weapon zones .
the russian side highly evaluated china 's smooth realization of the resumption of the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong and macao , reaffirmed the position that russia and china had expounded in the common documents published in the past by both sides over the taiwan issue , and expressed the support for the people 's republic of china in its endeavor to achieving the peaceful reunification of the state .
the chinese side expressed support for the russian federation government 's anti - terrorist operations in chechnya .
tang jiaxuan and ivanov signed the " agreement between the government of the people 's republic of china and the government of the russian federation on the exchange of visits by the two countries ' citizens . "
during the visit , the " agreement between the government of the people 's republic of china and the government of the russian federation on the exemption of visas for tourists from both countries " was also signed .
tang jiaxuan expressed thanks to the warm hospitality he received in moscow and invited foreign minister ivanov to visit china .
with pleasure , ivanov accepted the invitation for the visit , whose date will be decided by diplomatic channels .
beijing , $date - - dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china , emphasized at the seminar on financial services for the development of the western regions recently held in xian that banking institutions must conscientiously study and implement the important strategic decision of the party central committee and state council on developing the western regions and accelerating the development of central and western china , further adjust the financial system , give these regions more credit support , improve the level of financial services , and give positive , effective and systematic support to the development of the western regions .
dai xianglong said : implementing the strategy of developing the western regions is an important plan for restructuring the economy and promoting the coordinated development of regional economies . it is an important measure for increasing domestic demand and promoting the sustained , rapid and coordinated development of the national economy . it is also an important opportunity for the restructuring of bank credits and promoting the development of banking .
dai xianglong said : in recent years , the banking sector has steadily increased its credit support to the western regions .
at the end of $number , loans lent by banking institutions to $number western provinces totaled $number yuan , $number percent of the outstanding credit balance of banks . by the end of $number , outstanding loans showed a year - on - year increase of $number percent to $number yuan , $number percentage points higher than the average national growth rate and accounting for $number percent of the national total .
dai xianglong emphasized that since the strategy of developing the western regions is a long - term and complicated project of systems engineering , everything must be done in accordance with objective laws .
he recommended the following six policy measures and key points for financial support to the development of the western regions : $number , increasing intermediate and long - term loans to support infrastructure construction in the western regions .
in keeping with the state 's policy of increasing financial investment to infrastructure construction in the western regions , commercial banks should be positively urged to subscribe treasury bonds and grant supporting loans in a timely manner .
$number , bringing the role of medium - sized and small local financial institutions into play and supporting the ecological and environmental protection and development of the western regions .
$number , fully bringing the role of the financial lever into play and giving positive support to the adjustment of the industrial structure .
it is necessary to increase agricultural loans , help peasants by making it easier for them to get loans , and promote the integration of the production , processing and marketing of agricultural products . it is necessary to give positive support to the rational development of western resources that have obvious advantages and good market prospects , promote the development of tourism , and give priority support to western state - owned enterprises in their reorganization . banks should select a number of fairly well - developed small towns in western china that have outstanding resources and a fairly good infrastructure and give them credit support in the construction of residential units , water and electricity supply projects and other infrastructure facilities , projects for the processing of farm and sideline products , as well as the development of tertiary industry .
$number , supporting the promotion of scientific and technological results and personnel training .
positive efforts should be made to explore ways of providing financial services in support of the scientific and technological development and their popularization in the western regions , support infrastructure construction in key state - level hi - tech development zones as well as the production and circulation of hi - tech products , accelerate the technical transformation of competitive industrial enterprises in the western regions , and properly provide credit services to scientific research institutions in accordance with regulations .
positive steps should be taken to issue tuition loans and housing loans to students to promote personnel training .
$number , supporting economic cooperation between the eastern and western regions and promoting the opening of the economy of the western regions to the outside world .
banks should give positive support to eastern enterprises that intend to go west to establish their own plants or engage in other forms of economic cooperation , and should support dominant eastern enterprises in their acquisition of loss - making western enterprises in accordance with relevant policies . efforts should be made to study and formulate relevant financial policies to attract more international organizations and foreign businesses to invest in the western regions , give the western regions support in the development of their comparative advantages , and increase economic and trade cooperation with other countries , particularly central asian countries .
$number , accelerating the reform of the financial system to meet the needs of the development of the western regions .
it is necessary to improve the functions of financial service institutions as well as the building of financial markets in the western regions in order to make better use of credit funds .
it is also necessary to give priority to branches of state - owned commercial banks in the western regions in getting rid of their historical burdens in accordance with regulations and improve the assessment of their loan issuance and management indicators in order to better bring their role into play in the development of western regions .
the gun fired , and the girl fell drenched in blood .
a beautiful small flower withered away .
however , the one who killed her is not a vicious adult criminal , but a boy classmate of the same age .
that was a frightening scene that happened at buell elementary school in michigan at noon on $date .
the appalling news shocked the whole country .
the gun - killing case at buell elementary school is only one of the frequent gun - killing cases at school in the united states in recent years . $date , two boys aged $number and $number shot and killed four female students and a teacher at a middle school in arkansas .
in $date , two high school students launched a " campus war " and fatally shot $number students and a teacher and wounded $number others in colorado . the two " gunners " had to kill themselves at the end .
in may of the same year , at a high school in georgia , a student opened fire and wounded six schoolmates .
" the gun - related disasters at schools are more dangerous than tigers . " this is the true portrayal of tragic cases at schools today and has become a serious issue of human rights in the united states now .
according to us mass media , at least one serious criminal case took place in $number percent of schools in the united states each year and more and more cases involved gunshots .
according to a statistical report , an average of $number youngsters would be killed by gunshots each year among $number youngsters .
from $number , the number of juvenile criminal cases increased by $number percent , of which gunshot cases increased by $number percent .
now , kayla rolland used her innocent blood to add another painful tragedy in the record of human rights in the united states .
the gun - shooting crimes committed by american youngsters , including those by children , are the direct evil consequence of an overflow of guns .
according to an estimate by the us department of justice , the american people now possess approximately $number pieces of guns , almost one for every person , and the number of cases related to gunshots reached some $number .
in recent years , the broad masses of american people strongly called for banning guns . nevertheless , their appeals were obstructed by the american rifle association , which has great economic power and political backing .
the association could spend $ $number in two months for lobbying and make those congressmen reject the gun control act supported by the overwhelming majority of american people .
bob chase , president of the national education association , could not but angrily question : " when can we protect our children instead of protecting guns ? "
the violent culture and environment in the united states bring on the frequent gunshots on campus .
according to a statistical report , an average of approximately $number violent scenes will be shown in each hour of tv programs for children in the united states .
according to another study , a child in the united states will have seen $number " performing " killers and $number theatrical violent actions when reaching the age of $number .
experts of the mental disease institute of yale university made a survey of $number american youngsters and found that $number percent of them admitted that they had encountered one or more instances of violence in their neighborhood and $number percent of them said they had been attacked or threatened by guns and knives .
safeguarding children and youngsters is an important part of protecting human rights .
whether children and youngsters can safely and healthily grow up is one of the most important indexes in judging the situation of human rights in a country .
the gun - killing case at buell elementary school has shown that in the united states guns are often more important than human rights , money is sometimes more important than life , and , in particular , the cases of children and youngsters being threatened by violent forces are increasing daily .
the frequent happenings of campus disasters have , in one aspect , deeply exposed the worrisome human rights situation in the united states .
an ironic thing was that , shortly before the disaster at buell elementary school , the us government released its annual " country reports on human rights practices . "
the report criticizes human rights situation in other countries and stops at nothing to attack other countries , while not uttering a single word about its own deteriorating human rights situation .
this has fully exposed the dual standards and hypocritical nature of the united states on the issue of human rights and can only be ridiculed by people in the world .
we wish to advise " human rights judges " in the united states to pay more attention to cleaning up your own backyard , properly solve questions such as " protecting children " or " protecting guns " and remove those social and cultural things that will encourage violence and endanger human rights .
otherwise , kayla rolland and other innocent victims of us campus disasters can never rest in peace !
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the chinese - language internet portal operator - - the sohu company - - and the mobile telephone supplier - - the nokia company - - signed an agreement in beijing today on a joint bid to provide upgraded mobile internet service to mobile telephone users in china .
this marks a great advance in the application of chinese - language mobile internet technology .
according to the agreement , both sides will actively establish a nokia wap ( wireless application protocol ) platform for mobile internet service and the sohu company will be responsible for providing the platform with network information content .
this cooperation will enable mobile telephone users in china to rapidly download the sohu website , acquire real - time information in fields , such as news , finance , and leisure , and complete mobile electronic commercial deals through handsets .
moreover , the upgraded mobile internet service will help further upgrade or improve traditional technologies so that the users also can get information and service when they are not on - line and thus greatly enhance the practical function of mobile internet service .
it has been reported that china has $number mobile telephone users at present and moreover , the number of the users is expanding continuously every year .
sohu and nokia worked hard , through the current cooperation , to combine china 's mobile telecommunication sector with the internet , with each complementing the other in terms of strong points , as soon as possible , so as to promote china to achieve comprehensive , hypernormal [ chao chang $number ] development of information communications .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - renmin ribao , guangming ribao , and " qiushi " magazine on $date respectively carry the full text of the " remarks on education " made by general secretary jiang zemin on $date .
the ministry of education issued a notice today calling on the educational front to conscientiously study , deeply understand , and resolutely implement the spirit of the " remarks " and to strive to create a new situation in china 's educational reform and development .
the ministry of education points out in its notice : in his " remarks on education , " general secretary jiang zemin deeply and brilliantly expounds , from the perspective of the fate of the country and the nation 's rejuvenation , a series of major issues related to china 's educational development orientation , policy , and ideas . so , the remarks are of great and far - reaching significance to implementing the strategy of relying on science and education to rejuvenate the country , comprehensively implementing the party 's policy on education , and realizing the grand goal of socialist modernization .
the " remarks " reflect that the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core pays attention to and supports education . so , through the release of the " remarks , " the party and society as a whole will certainly be pressed to pay more attention to education and the ideological and educational work for the youngsters .
all categories of schools at various levels should put moral education in $number position and attend to it in real terms .
it is necessary to conscientiously study the situation with young students ' thinking and moral characters in the new situation ; to conduct education on patriotism , collectivism , and socialism ; and to help students foster accurate world outlook and accurate outlook on life and value .
meanwhile , the ideological and political education , moral education , and the education on discipline , legal system , and mental health should be deemed as the main contents of moral education at present and should realistically be attended to .
the ministry points out that with the focus on improving teachers ' moral characters and work styles , we should realistically strengthen the construction of the contingent of teachers and make ceaseless efforts to improve teachers ' ideological and political quality and professional ability .
teachers should not only do a good job in teaching , but they should also do a good job in cultivating the students and set a good example in all aspects .
therefore , teachers should be guided to foster accurate outlook on value , quality , and talented persons ; enhance the sense of social mission by teaching and cultivating the students and devoting themselves to education ; and strengthen the sense of responsibility for respecting , loving , and protecting the students .
the educational front should generally conduct once again the education and examination of teachers ' moral characters and take teachers ' professional ethics as the most important content to evaluate their performances , as well as an important basis for appointment of teachers .
it is imperative to further expand the dynamics of lightening the excessive heavy burdens of primary and middle school students and to comprehensively improve the educational and teaching quality .
all categories of schools at all levels should adopt resolute measures to effect both temporary and permanent resolution of the problems of lightening primary and middle school students ' heavy schoolwork and psychological and economic burdens , keep a firm grip on this work , and resolutely put an end to the wrong practice where primary and middle schools and their teachers rank the students ' positions according to examination ratings .
the ministry notes that we should pay high attention to family education so as to acquire the support and cooperation of students ' parents .
all categories of schools at all levels , educational and administrative departments , and relevant organizations should disseminate the party 's policy on education and the accurate ideas and methods for education among the broad masses of students ' parents , exchange and popularize the experience in educating children in a scientific way , guide the parents to foster accurate outlook on education and talented persons , and enable them to accurately conduct family education for their children .
the ministry stresses that education is a systems engineering .
the party and society as a whole should show concern over and support the work of strengthening and improving education .
efforts should be concentrated to eliminate the conspicuous public security problems which take place in and around the campuses of some schools , to deal resolute blows to unlawful activities preventing the youngsters from healthy and sound up - growth , to set up a contingent of outstanding after - school activities counselors , and to actively push primary and middle schools to invite part - time vice presidents and instructors in charge of legal systems . schools should strengthen the construction of party , communist youth league , and young pioneers organizations .
extra - school educational institutions , such as children 's palaces , should conduct rich and useful extracurricular activities for young students .
washington , $date ( xinhua ) - - sun zhenyu , vice chairman of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation of china , who is visiting here met with us congressmen on $date during which he pointed out : the treatment of permanent normal trade relations is not a favor given by the us but the content of the stipulations in the bilateral agreement signed between china and the united states on china 's entry into the world trade organization [ wto ] and a commitment which the us should keep .
sun zhenyu said : the us congress has discussed the issue of giving normal trade relations to china every year . the us enterprises have spent lots of human and financial resources every year to lobby the congress and they felt tired of this .
it is now time for thoroughly resolving the issue of giving permanent normal trade relations to china .
he said : both the us government and enterprises have paid great attention to and supported the issue of giving permanent normal trade relations to china and have done much positive work . president clinton has also designated commerce secretary daley as the chief negotiator to take charge of this work .
sun zhenyu said that he believed that this issue would be rapidly resolved through the efforts of all sides .
in view of the fact that the us congressmen are more concerned about the issue of china carrying out bilateral trade and agricultural agreements , sun zhenyu said : china has already started carrying out the bilateral trade agreement and conducting special training for personnel and has checked and amended the existing regulations , systems and laws .
in the implementation of the agricultural agreement , china has done much work . after sending an orange delegation to california for observation , china also sent the wheat delegation to montana for observation and signed a contract on importing $number tonnes of wheat from the united states .
this is $number time for the chinese government to import wheat from the western part of the united states , indicating the chinese government 's sincerity in carrying out the agreement .
sun zhenyu was invited by the us department of commerce to attend the three - day sino - us commercial discussions with an aim to preparing for the ministerial meeting of the joint committee of the sino - us business council to be held in beijing on $date .
during the visit , sun zhenyu met with us trade representative barshefsky , commerce secretary daley , economic adviser to us president and director of the national economic council of the us sperling , and some senators and members of the house of representatives .
he briefed the us side on the talks between china and eu on china 's entry into the wto and exchanged views with the us side on the issue of granting permanent normal trade relations to china .
shanghai , $date ( xinhua ) - - two grand talent exchange fairs were held in shanghai a few days ago . for a while , many merchants and professionals gathered in shanghai , making the city bustling and thriving .
with the approaching of china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] , market competition has triggered a new round of battle to scramble for talented people . " talented people are the most important wealth .
seeking the most excellent professionals is our urgent task to actively enter the chinese market , " said pu xiaojun , senior manager of the human resources department of the ( china ) lucent technologies , who specially came from beijing to personally advertise for talented persons .
this global communications magnate , that has set up $number businesses and eight research and development centers in china , plans this year to advertise for nearly $number professionals for $number positions including business and marketing managers and network and mobile communications engineers .
instead of spreading advertisement data , many foreign - invested enterprises participating in these talent exchange fairs simply , clearly , and vividly displayed their images by showing pictures and eye - catching charts with videos .
" we do not set employment quotas . no matter how many they are , all the talents will be employed , as long as they are outstanding and are needed by our corporation , " said a pertinent responsible person of shenzhen huawei technology corporation .
pan junhai , a personnel expert of the shanghai municipal commission for foreign trade and economic cooperation , appraised this as the move of " throwing a long line to catch a big fish , " " fishing for a needle in the ocean , and craving for talents . "
he said : " china 's forthcoming accession to the wto , a new situation , has made the outstanding professionals , middle - and high - class specialized professionals in particular , more important and popular than never before . meanwhile , foreign - invested enterprises and non - governmental scientific and technological enterprises are very keen in market changes and try to seize the commanding height on market with talented people .
shen jianguo , vice president of the shanghai municipal overseas service corporation , maintained : the major reason why state - owned enterprises are not vivid enough on the talent market is that they are backward in self - reform , lack the training of employees , lack a clear - cut division of positions and duties , and fail to make public the promotion procedures .
with china 's " wto entry " drawing near day by day , we must have the sense of urgency in conducting the reform of state - owned enterprises .
the shanghai municipal overseas service corporation , a large state - owned corporation specialized in providing human resources and service for foreign - invested enterprises and agencies , sent last year some $number employees to foreign enterprises and helped $number - plus foreign agencies settle down in shanghai .
shen jianguo said : " foreign enterprises are entering shanghai at an obviously quickened pace .
the only way to satisfy their market demands is to build up an even bigger and brisker " reservoir " of talented people . " this reporter met zhang jie , a master degree candidate of tongji university in shanghai , at the crowded talent exchange fair .
this student majoring in information management , who is about to graduate this year , has finally signed , through repeated observations , a contract with datang telecommunications and technological corporation .
he said with feeling that the talent market was been increasingly open and job opportunities are increasing , but the requirements of employers are increasingly high .
wang shaochang , deputy head of the shanghai municipal personnel bureau , told this reporter that shanghai invited $number professionals of various kinds from abroad last year , some $number more than in the previous year .
and , the ranks of returned students initiating enterprises and consulting agencies in china have also expanded by $number percent these years . he added that only by opening wide the door and setting up a vast stage for talent exchange and training can shanghai consistently enhance its international competitiveness .
this matter goes beyond a theoretical debate and becomes a major issue that directly puts the fate of the world 's $number people at risk .
does the idea " human rights are above sovereignty " really stand to reason ? a brief analysis exposes that idea is not only specious but also absolutely untenable .
$number , the so - called " human rights are above sovereignty " splits human rights away from sovereignty and confronts one against the other .
the state belongs to the people and the state sovereignty is the collective human rights of the people of a country .
losing sovereignty means loss of human rights .
human history up to now has shown that in a class society , although people were mercilessly oppressed , they , when faced with foreign aggression and when the state sovereign was threatened , tended to be united together against the enemies and maintained the state sovereignty .
patriotism has always been most revered by the people .
this is because the disaster of losing sovereignty far exceeds that of class oppression .
disaster does not hit a particular group only . when it strikes , no one can escape unscathed .
therefore to enjoy human rights , one must $number of all have sovereignty .
the chinese people and people of other developing countries have known that without sovereignty there would be no human rights ; they have suffered from it and have taken the path of $number striving for sovereignty before improving human rights .
deng xiaoping said : " honestly speaking , state rights are more important than human rights .
this is a historical summing up .
" a core threat to the international security " has been an argument used by some western countries to trumpet " human rights are above sovereignty . " in the past it was " clashes between states . " now it is the " violence within the state . "
that is to say that the act of one country 's violation of another country 's sovereignty is no longer the main danger to the international security .
is that really so ?
the world is still divided into major powers , small countries , and weak countries . there still exist many acts of hegemonism and power politics practiced by a very small minority of major powers that violates the sovereignty of small and weak countries and that bully small and weak countries .
the form of expression for " clash " between states may be different , but the real essence of violating other countries ' sovereignty and of undermining the interests of the people of other countries is the same .
unjust and unreasonable international political order and international economic order are the most striking facts .
a superpower that proclaims itself to be the world leader joins hands with a small number of western countries in an attempt to dominate the world ; it willfully sent troops to another country to arrest its head of state and it wantonly bombed another country .
economic globalization has become a justifiable reason to violate another country 's sovereignty .
the new york times on $date noted that economic globalization has caused " the inevitable and voluntary weakening of the state sovereignty by the global economic juggernaut . "
it is natural that developing countries with weak economic power are the ones whose sovereignties bear the brunt of the voluntary weakening .
economic globalization is often described as a double - edged sword with its accompanying pros and cons .
but now it does not equally treat all the countries ; it greatly favors some developed countries .
in a recent interview with the french daily " liberation , " rubens ricupero , secretary general of the united nations conference on trade and development , said that " poor countries in the south and the poor in rich countries become the greatest losers in globalization " and that " while ten years ago the incomes of $number percent of the richest people was $number times more than those of $number percent of the poorest people , today the incomes of the former are $number times more than the latter . "
according to the united nations development program , whereas one - $number of the world 's richest people consume and enjoy $number percent of commodities and services , another one - $number of the world 's poorest people only consume and enjoy $number percent of commodities and services , cut by half from the $number percent of $number years ago .
such unequal and unjust order seriously jeopardizes international peace and security and hurts the human rights of $number people in the world .
this is several times more serious than the acts of violation of human rights in some countries .
faced with such inequality and injustice , maintaining sovereignty becomes even more important to small and weak countries .
it is no wonder that the algerian president uttered at the united nations that " sovereignty is our last line of defense against an unequal world system . "
another argument for " human rights are above sovereignty " that some western countries dish out is that human value is higher than that of of the state .
the state is a product of the development of human society .
it helps maintain certain " order " among people with different interests ; avoids the destruction of itself and society in clashes ; and externally it maintains sovereignty and guards against foreign aggression .
although individuals form a state , an individual cannot survive without the state .
marxists hold that a state may fall but that is the result of a future society .
at this stage , an individual cannot survive without the state .
if the state does not exist , what will people become ?
it will be in a state of anarchy . people will be led astray and become stateless . or people will become other country 's slaves .
in whichever condition , there will be no protection of people 's life , dignity , and freedom and people will lose the value as human beings .
that is why we chinese often say there will be no homes without a country .
some western countries describe the violation of another country 's sovereignty on the pretext of human rights as " not a dispute over interests but a fight over value . "
different countries have different historical backgrounds , cultural traditions and their social developments and religious beliefs are also quite different .
the value that is dear to the west can only be value in some western countries .
when talking about the war against the federal republic of yugoslavia , us president clinton said that the united states has " won a victory for our democratic value concepts and for an even stronger united states . "
the value concepts of the united states and other western countries are different from or even diametrical to those of many other countries .
on $date britain 's new statesman stated : " the war ( against the federal republic of yugoslavia ) makes the people see clearly those value concepts and shows us that those value concepts are not generally accepted by the people . indeed in most regions in the world , people detest those value concepts . "
those rich countries " think that they have done the right thing but other countries consider that a threat to their own security . "
what will the putting into practice of the " new interventionism " under the excuse of " human rights are above sovereignty " lead to ?
acts that seriously violate human rights including armed aggression , ethnic cleansing , apartheid , and terrorism and that have been acknowledged internationally and by the united nations should and need to be stopped .
but as many acts involving human rights and as the line to decide on what is wrong and what is right remains blurred , the international community has yet to reach a consensus over that .
french daily " le figaro " wrote on $date : " as there has been so far not a single political organization that can determine the progress of the matter , a country 's sovereignty is thus trampled upon . "
as a matter of fact , western countries set the " standard . "
on $date , the us boston globe wrote , " countries are told that if they do not abide by the western standards , they incur the risk of interference . "
it is only the special privilege of a small number of western countries that interfere in other countries ' internal affairs under the pretext of " human rights are above sovereignty . " to be sure , small and weak countries do violate human rights .
some big and powerful western countries also violate human rights , some of them quite serious .
has any one heard of such a matter that small and weak countries interfere in the internal affairs of big and powerful countries ?
so what is the significant difference between the " new interventionism " and imperialism ?
the $date and $date issues of the us newsweek wrote , " if rich countries consider it their right to interfere in any place in the name of protecting the oppressed , how can they avoid being labeled as imperialists ? "
one reason that france and britain cited in waging colonial wars last century was to bring europe 's light to the dark africa and asia . "
in fact , some already openly advocated practicing imperialism .
on $date , the us national weekly noted " a rather shocking case of new interventionism in the person of robert kirkland who called for restoring western imperialism . "
as those argue for " human rights are above sovereignty " and for the practicing of the " new interventionism " run contrary to the purpose and principle of the un charter , they therefore try their best to negate and reject the un charter .
the un charter specifically stipulates that countries , no matter small or big , are all equal . but " those who in the west who favor new stipulations of intervention do not respect much the idea of equal sovereignty , that is , countries , no matter small or big , all enjoy equality before the law " ( the may - $date issue of the bimonthly foreign affairs ) .
the un charter opposes violation of a country 's territory and sovereignty .
" the united states and nato have practically turned their backs on the stipulations of the un charter that strictly restrict international intervention in regional conflicts ( the may - $date issue of the bimonthly foreign affairs ) .
to negate the un charter , some in the west even absurdly maintained that the un charter and the " world declaration on human rights " are contradictory .
britain 's new statesman on $date wrote that even if there is no basic contradiction between the stipulations of world order in the un charter and the rights expounded in the " world declaration of human rights " there also exists at least conflicts between the two .
whereas the charter forbids the use of force to violate a state 's sovereignty , the declaration guarantees the right of an individual to fight against a tyrannical state .
this is really incredible .
the reason that the charter has strictly stipulated against violating a country 's sovereignty is because it wants to spare mankind from another disaster of the mad aggression against other countries and the slaughter of people committed by imperialists and fascists . this is completely in line with the purpose of protecting human rights as enshrined in the " world human rights declaration . "
there is an argument that says that a country may not violate human rights and endanger international security just because it has sovereignty and that the un charter 's ban on violation of a country 's sovereignty protects the violation of human rights .
article $number of the un charter specifically stipulates " the security council should decide on the existence of acts that pose threat to peace , that undermine peace , or that constitute aggression " and adopt ways to " maintain and restore international peace and security . "
this shows that the united nations has the responsibility and right to stop any acts , including violation of human rights , which put international peace and security at risk . this also demonstrates that it is up to the united nations , not to any country , to decide on which acts endanger international peace and security .
therefore those who blame the un charter for giving protection to acts of human rights violation is nothing but an excuse .
the essence of the problem is that the un charter has become a great stumbling block for some western countries to arbitrarily trample on other countries ' sovereignty ; hence the need to remove it .
the us chicago tribune stated that rather explicitly in an article published on $date : " a thorough change is taking place with regard to the concept of sovereignty over the past $number years .
the idea of the sanctity of a country 's border and the notion that a country 's government can do anything it wants to do within its border has vanished with the end of the cold war .
like it or not , the united states , the only superpower in the world , must assume leadership responsibility .
it follows that the united states must involve itself in every intervention act one way or another in the world . "
britain 's new statesman weekly on $date stated in an even explicit manner : " the united states has long waged an open campaign against international laws and the un charter . "
the articles cited above revealed the secrets of the call of " human rights are above sovereignty . "
therefore , sovereignty is no longer not inviolable since the only superpower must rule the world .
what conclusion can be drawn from the analysis above on the argument that " human rights are above sovereignty ? "
$number , the crux of the argument of " human rights are above sovereignty " is that sovereignty of a country can be violated .
$number , countries that advocate and practice the argument " human rights are above sovereignty " are no other than " former colonial powers " ( to borrow the phrase of the french daily " le figaro " ) .
$number , hereafter a strong country may violate other countries ' sovereignty and yet brag itself to be a guardian of human rights who is in the best position to stress benevolence .
$number , whoever opposes to the notion that " human rights are above sovereignty " is an archenemy to the protection of human rights .
engels once wrote a famous satirical line on hypocrisy : " exploiting class ' exploitation of the exploited class is all for the interests of the exploited class . if the exploited class does not know this and even revolt , that would be the basest ungrateful act to benefactors and exploiters . " ( " the origins of families , private ownership system , and the state " ) it would be no harm borrowing engels ' famous line here .
a country whose sovereignty is violated should be deeply grateful for the good deeds done by the violator country . if it does not understand that or even raises an objection , it is ungrateful and deserve death by thousand cuts !
in conclusion , if one asks what is " human rights are above sovereignty ? " the following formula will be a most succinct reply : human rights are above sovereignty = hegemonism !
$number workshop on regional cooperation for the promotion and protection of human rights in the asia - pacific region , which was jointly sponsored by the chinese government and the office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights , was held in beijing from $date .
countries in the asia - pacific region have been one of the major forces in the international community to make great efforts to promote dialogue and exchanges in recent years . the workshop represents a concrete embodiment of the spirit of equality and cooperation .
the chinese government is ready to work with the peoples in the asia - pacific region and around the world to promote the cause of human rights in the asia - pacific region and around the world . it is also willing to make concerted efforts with them to promote peace and development in the asia - pacific region and around the world .
in a letter of congratulations to the workshop , chinese president jiang zemin said : it is an important task facing the international community to further strengthen international cooperation in the field of human rights and promote the development of the international cause of human rights in the new century .
we have both opportunities and challenges .
although we have differences on the issue of human rights due to different national conditions , we share common goals in promoting and protecting human rights . all countries should conduct dialogues and exchanges in the spirit of equality and respect to deepen mutual understanding , narrow differences , and expand common ground and seek common progress .
human rights , which is a historic product , represents a concept of development . it is a common aspiration of all mankind to promote the progress of the undertaking of human rights .
it should also be noted that although the standard of human rights is of universal significance in principle , it is quite normal that due to their different levels of economic development , social systems , cultural traditions , historic backgrounds , and senses of value , different countries have different situations of human rights as well as different understandings about human rights .
different countries have different focuses and methods to achieve their goals of human rights . in light of its own national situation , each country sets its own key goal of human rights to achieve . this action itself represents an item of basic human rights .
however , for a long period of time , the issue of human rights has become , to a great extent , an excuse for some advanced countries to criticize developing countries .
considering itself as the " judge of human rights , " the united states even publishes a so - called " human rights report " of the world each year , wantonly accusingly the situation of human rights in many developing countries .
holding high the banner of " human rights , " the united states has carried out " new interventionism . "
the practices of ignoring the actual situation , criticizing the situation of human rights in other countries by wearing colored glasses , and even interfering in other countries ' domestic affairs under the pretext of " safeguarding " human rights , are in fact grossly trampling on human rights . the move is not beneficial to the development of the international cause of human rights . it also sabotages the north - south relations .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to human rights . in light of the universal principle of human rights and its concrete situation , it has made tremendous efforts to continuously promote the cause of human rights in china .
over the past $number years since the founding of new china , chinese people have carried out long - term explorations and unswerving struggles to eliminate poverty and backwardness and to build a rich , strong , democratic , and civilized country . they have brought about tremendous changes in the situation of human rights and created an era in the development of human rights in china .
particularly over the past $number years since the drive of reform and opening up , chinese people have made great improvement in material life . in addition , with the continuous improvement of democracy and the construction of the legal system , they have made prominent progress in democratic supervision , participation in and deliberation of state affairs , religious beliefs , and other political rights .
so long as china continues to follow the road of development that is in line with its national situation , china will achieve major progress in its social and economic development and the chinese people will enjoy an even higher level of human rights .
china has signed the international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights as well as the international covenant on civil rights and political rights . now relevant departments of the chinese government have made active preparations for the approval of these two covenants .
countries in the asia - pacific region have long historical and cultural traditions , including many active factors of respecting human rights .
although countries in the asia - pacific region do not share a common position and viewpoint regarding human rights , it is obvious that they have more common points than differences .
they should make more efforts in mutual cooperation in the aspect of human rights .
china has been consistent in its position regarding the issue of human rights . china 's position has been to carry out dialogue and cooperation on the basis of equal consultation .
china will , as always , work with other countries to make its contribution to the progress of the world 's cause of human rights .
economic car competition has become more acute generally speaking , economic cars are referred to those cars whose prices are less than $number yuan and the air displacement of engines is less than $number liters .
because these cars are cheap , economical and practical , they have strong competitiveness in the rental car and household car markets .
in particular , if the fuel tax can be formally put into implementation this year , then , economic cars may probably get the greatest profits .
we cannot deny that at present china 's economic cars still have these characteristics , namely the structure of demand is fairly unitary , relying too much on the rental car and household cars markets .
people in the automobile industry said that in the household cars market , in spite of the fact that market potential for the individual purchase of cars remains great this year , there will be a considerable long developing and embryonic period before these cars become popular because the process of developing household cars is long and complicated .
in china , when the household car market initially took shape , the types of cars mainly brought by the individuals were mainly medium - and high - class cars or even imported cars .
last year , under the situation in which other types of cars showed no noticeable decline in their prices , there was an acute price war among china 's economic cars . this indirectly showed that the market demand for economic cars was not brisk .
experts said that viewed from a long - term basis , naturally , the prospects for china 's economic cars will be vast , but this does not imply that the economic cars market has completely started .
it is anticipated that the craze for developing economic cars will be aggravated this year , but it will be difficult to expand the market demand , so the competition will become more acute .
the development trend for medium - and high - class cars is strong previously , medium - and high - class cars were one of the main forces in china 's car market . with the daily changes in the structure of car demand during recent years , and the rapid enhancement in the production capacity of economic cars as well as medium - class cars , the market share of medium - and high - class cars began to drop continuously .
according to statistics , in five years , $number , the medium - and - high - class cars accounted for $number percent of the number of cars used by civilians in china on average . however , $date , the average number of these cars dropped to $number or so .
we should notice that china 's initial success in its struggle against the smuggling of cars and the temporary stop in the reform of cars for official use have provided a relatively good market environment for the development of china - made medium - and high - class cars .
bieke and yage , the two brand - new car models introduced to the world market are more competitive in prices as compared with cars of the same category in foreign countries .
so , they have effectively stimulated the growth of china 's car market . meanwhile , the consumption structure of cars in china has gradually changed from mainly institutional purchase to mainly individual purchase to meet various demands . the increasing rise in the ratio of individual purchase of cars has determined the pattern of china 's car market .
that is , economic cars and medium - class cars should be the leading car models in the market . in spite of this , the technical level , manufacturing quality , the marketing idea , and the sales pattern of yage , bieke and audi a6 have brought fresh air to china 's car market .
similar cars appear in the market one after another during recent years , lured by the fact that the production of cars might bring huge profits , some enterprises that are not designed to produce cars also tried in all possible means to set foot in the car producing sector . under all sorts of excuses and in various forms , they tried to produce cars by introducing matured technology abroad .
most of these cars are produced by certain regions or enterprises , so the products can only be confined to economic cars or to sales only in a province .
at present , this practice has been regarded by some car producing enterprises as the short - cut for entering the car production sphere . therefore , many enterprises follow this example one after another .
people in the automobile industry said that this may lead to a new round of blind initiation of economic car projects and the excessive supply of economic cars , and may even aggravate the competition of economic cars in the domestic market .
no doubt , this will bring certain buffet or impact on the traditional economic car producing enterprises and even on the medium - class car producing enterprises .
during a " devastating " mopping - up campaign , the hong kong independent commission against corruption [ icac ] questioned five " turncoats " several times on whether they had conducted private contacts with the prc ministry of state security , while at the same time accusing them of accepting bribes and revealing secrets .
the icac , deemed as a sensitive department in hong kong , and the ministry of state security - - china 's spy organization - - each served its own boss in the period $date and still remained unconnected with each other after hong kong 's reversion .
should its subordinates get in touch with the ministry of state security , they will be considered as violating the law of heaven .
keeping close to chinese side to ensure their future an informed source disclosed that , worried about their future , some icac personnel kept close to members of the ministry of state security in the period leading to $number , hoping to maintain their posts after hong kong 's reversion . but the icac stayed unconnected with the ministry of state security after hong kong 's reversion , strictly banning private contacts between its subordinates and sensitive people .
in $date , it was named the ministry of state security after reorganization , a spy organization directly affiliated with the central authorities , as mysterious as the kgb of the former soviet union and the cia of the united states .
many special agents stationed in hong kong the job of the ministry of state security is , in the true sense of the words , to protect state security . it has supreme power . with its headquarters in beijing , it exercises administration $number bureaus , including the bureau on hong kong and macao .
using other identities as disguise , personnel of the ministry of state security engage in intelligence gathering and infiltration activities . in hong kong , state security special agents have conducted their activities silently for many years .
the informed source further pointed out that during british hong kong administration $date , there were many state security special agents carrying out activities in the territory . at that time , the icac maintained close ties with britain and strictly prohibited its members from contacting personnel of the chinese side . it even looked upon the ministry of state security as taboo . but the ministry targeted its infiltration at all discipline forces , including the icac , hoping to collect classified information .
on $date , in defiance of the chinese people 's strong objection and the overall situation of sino - us relations , the us house of representatives passed the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act " with $number votes ( including $number republicans , $number democrats ) versus $number votes .
the bill , which demands stronger us - taiwan military ties , has such content as a call for enhancing the channel of us - taiwan military cooperation , the us executive branch should report to the congress every year about items of military sale asked by taiwan , the united states should unequivocally express its commitment to safeguarding taiwan 's security , and so on .
the introduction of the " taiwan security enhancement act " can be said as the us congress 's biggest challenge to the healthy development of sino - us relations since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states $date .
in this regard , peace - loving people have to ask : the anti - china forces of the us congress so rampantly interfere in china 's internal affairs , what on earth do they want ?
concocting and adopting the " taiwan security enhancement act " is a very serious anti - china incident produced by the anti - china forces of the us congress .
this bill was initially proposed by jesse helms , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , and senator robert torricelli on $date .
faced with the tense cross - strait situation after the birth of the " two state theory " , the us executive branch , in order not to provoke already worsened sino - us relations , once explicitly expressed its objection to this bill , thus making it shelved for a while .
this time , the us congress , in defiance of the repeated warnings by the chinese government and the righteous strength at home , acted against the current of history and passed this notorious bill , the main driving force came from taiwan authorities ' bribes .
according to relevant us and taiwan media reports , the [ us cassidy public relations company ] , which has a long - term contract with the taiwan research institute , played a very ignominious role in this plot .
in the name list of senators and congressmen with whom the cassidy company is in frequent contact , half of them co - signed the " taiwan security enhancement act " in the senate and house of representatives .
it is understood that in order to expedite the introduction of the " taiwan security enhancement act " , the taiwan side last year paid the cassidy company $number percent more public relations fees in six months , up from $ $number in $number half of $number to $ $number in $number half of $number .
in addition , in order to push for the passage of the bill , dpp members of the taiwan " legislative yuan " formed a large lobbying group in last $date and went to the united states to campaign for it , while the " formosan association for public affairs " , an overseas " pro - independence " group that always acts in coordination with taiwan authorities , has also made an effort to lobby for this at the us congress .
taiwan authorities , sparing no effort in lobbying , have successively dispatched high - ranking party and government officials - - " vice president " jao ying - ch 'i [ rao yingqi ] of the " legislative yuan " ; ding mou - shih [ ding maoshi ] , " secretary - general of the presidential office " and " acting secretary - general of the national security council " ; " chairman " su ch 'i [ su qi ] of the " mainland affairs council " ; and " deputy foreign minister " lee ta - wei [ li dawei ] to the united states on many occasions to campaign for it . hence , it can be said that the introduction of this bill is a political farce co - played by the anti - china forces of the us congress and the taiwan separatist forces .
us congress : why anti - china again and again ?
the development path of bilateral ties since the unfreezing of sino - us relations indicates that the nature of us taiwan policy has not been changed . the united states has always been the biggest obstacle to settling the taiwan issue and realizing the reunification of china .
for a long time , the anti - china forces within the united states have been very active and have done their utmost to break through the us pledges over the taiwan issue in the three communiqu - - the " shanghai communiqu " , the " communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations " , and the " $date communiqu " and to attempt to maintain the status quo of " no reunification , no independence , and no war " , hoping that in this way , the taiwan issue can be used to interfere in china 's internal affairs and condition china 's development while the united states can avoid getting directly involved in clashes across the taiwan straits .
the us congress is the anti - china forces ' key arena , with a group of anti - china old hands playing an active role in it .
as early as less than one month following the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states , that is $date , a group of right - wing senators and congressmen proposed the so - called " taiwan relations act " , which was passed by both the us senate and house of representatives and went into effect on $date that year after being signed by president carter .
the " taiwan relations act " declares : " the us decision to establish diplomatic relations with the prc rests upon the expectation that the future of taiwan will be determined by peaceful means ; " " to consider any effort to determine the future of taiwan by other than peaceful means , including by boycotts or embargoes , a threat to the peace and security of the western pacific area and of grave concern to the united states ; " the united states will , in a fairly long period of time ahead , " make available to taiwan such defense articles and defense services " .
the passage of the " taiwan relations act " not only brought sino - us relations , which had just been normalized , to the verge of retrogression , but also preset factors of instability in the development course of cross - strait relations , thus making the development of cross - strait relations something always ridden with crisis .
this act is the pandora 's box that opened the way for the united states to keep using the taiwan issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs and obstruct the peaceful reunification of the two sides of the straits , that gave taiwan authorities more bargaining chips in confronting the mainland motherland and in rejecting peaceful talks and , at the same time , fueled the arrogance of the " pro - taiwan independence " forces .
it is something left over in the history of sino - us relations that is contrary to the goodwill wishes of both the chinese and american peoples , so that sino - us relations entered the stage of developing amid struggle and progressing amid friction .
the us congress many times has played an ignominious role in sino - us relations and on the taiwan issue .
over the years , scandals in this respect were too numerous to be listed .
$date , the us senate foreign relations committee passed the [ " resolution on the future of taiwan " ] ; $date , there was a [ " bill for a referendum on taiwan 's future ; " $date , a [ " bill supporting taiwan 's bid to enter the united nations " ] was drafted ; $date , the [ " amendment on the taiwan passport " ] was passed . also , the us congress has frequently made an issue of such topics as inviting taiwan leaders to visit the united states , taiwan 's bid to enter the united nations and other international organizations , supporting the so - called " building of taiwan 's democracy , " staging one farce after another .
it is precisely under this setting that the us congress has dished out the " taiwan security enhancement act . "
from the " taiwan relations act " to the " taiwan security enhancement act , " we can see what role the us congress has played in the development course of sino - us relations .
the adoption of the so - called [ " public law " ] [ guo nei fa $number $number $number ] towards the area of taiwan under china is obviously the united states ' wanton interference in china 's internal affairs .
the introduction of the " taiwan security enhancement act " is another disgusting show by the us anti - china forces , under the great tide of the international community that recognizes the one china principle and rejects the " two state theory , " to interfere in china 's internal affairs in the form of " public law , " in a bid to support the taiwan separatist forces and hold off the final settlement of the taiwan issue .
the us anti - china forces ' activities , which go against the chinese and us peoples ' good wishes to develop sino - us relations , has made a serious destructive impact on sino - us relations and created a huge variable for the development of sino - us relations .
the chinese government strongly objects to the us congress 's move to interfere in china 's internal affairs and undermine china 's reunification , and sternly warns the us congress not to hoist with their own petard .
but nevertheless , people have also noticed that the us government has time and again declared its objection to this bill , and president clinton has repeatedly said he " will veto this bill . "
can bill enhance taiwan 's security ?
the " taiwan security enhancement act cannot possibly enhance taiwan 's security , but will only bring yet greater insecurity to taiwan compatriots .
following the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act " at the house of representatives , " premier " vincent siew [ xiao wanchang ] of the " taiwan executive yuan " immediately expressed his gratitude for the us concern for taiwan 's security ; and a " spokesman of the foreign ministry " of taiwan said : the passage of this bill shows that the us congress attaches importance to and is in support of taiwan .
the taiwan " defense ministry " even presented a special report - - " the impact of the ' taiwan security enhancement act " on taiwan 's security and cross - strait armament , " saying that the united states ' " goodwill " towards taiwan and its " political gesture of keeping the balance of power across the taiwan straits " must be fully affirmed . taiwan " defense minister " tang fei [ tang fei ] said : any move that is conducive to taiwan 's security is welcome .
the " pro - taiwan independence " forces on the island were so elated that they had to " salute " the us anti - china forces .
the us anti - china forces and the island - wide separatist forces should not happy too soon .
whether taiwan is secure hinges on whether the two sides of the straits abide by the one china principle , whether taiwan authorities and certain political forces stop engaging in activities that challenge the one china principle , whether foreign anti - china forces stop interfering in china 's internal affairs , but never can it hinge on the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act . "
in addition to the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act , " the us anti - china forces ' are calling for continued us efforts to provide taiwan with high - performance weapons and commitment to " guaranteeing taiwan 's security , " taiwan and the united states are vigorously discussing taiwan 's participation in the tmd system , and the united states has proposed to taiwan the sale of offensive weapons , including long - range radar , " patriot " iii missiles , and " aegis - class " naval vessels .
the above - mentioned moves are kind of a taiwan - us military alliance in disguised form , its substance is to incite the separatist forces of taiwan , so that all shades of separatist forces represented by li teng - hui [ li denghui ] will be even more arrogant and frenziedly engaged in activities that split the motherland .
hence , if this bill is finally passed , it will certainly aggravate the tense situation across the taiwan straits and undermine the asia - pacific region 's peace and stability .
what needs to be pointed out is that the furious activities of international anti - china forces and island - wide separatist forces will only push taiwan to the brink of war , not to mention security .
as a spokesman of the white house said , the clinton administration would not accept this bill because it " will create instability for that region " .
as early as in last $date , when the " taiwan security enhancement act " was passed by the international relations committee of the house of representatives , us assistant secretary of state stanley roth pointed out , " this is not to safeguard taiwan 's security , but to endanger it . "
this bill still has to be examined and passed by the senate and , in particular , has to be signed by the us president before it can become a law .
how to settle the taiwan issue and accomplish the great cause of china 's reunification is the chinese people 's own business , us anti - china politicians do not underestimate the chinese people 's determination and capability of defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the chinese government has declared its solemn stand on the " taiwan security enhancement act " - - a bill that seriously interferes in china 's internal affairs and overtly supports the " pro - taiwan independence " separatist forces .
the united states has also declared its stand of not supporting " taiwan independence , " not supporting " two chinas " or " one china , one taiwan " , not supporting taiwan 's accession to international organizations with country as the unit of membership .
the us government should proceed from the strategic high plane of the overall world situation , put a stop to anti - china activities conducted by a minority of politicians , strive to put an end to moves that shake the cornerstone of sino - us relations , stand by its international pledges , conscientiously get rid of obstructions and damages that go against the historical trend , and be a catalyst to the great cause of china 's peaceful reunification .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at present , education on basic functions is being conducted among all units of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] one after another , with a view to helping pla officers and men further define their idea of the fighting force and intensify their sense of urgency and mission in preparing for military combat .
according to the information gained by this reporter from a certain unit of the nanjing military region that took the lead in conducting this education , the broad ranks of officers and men of this unit have , through this education , further intensified their sense of functions and " win , " have become more confident and resolute in defeating the formidable enemy based on existing armaments , have become more conscious in performing the sacred mission entrusted on them by the party and the people and in safeguarding the security and reunification of the motherland , and have vigorously promoted the in - depth development of scientific and technological training .
in line with the current situation and tasks as well as the ideological reality of officers and men , by encouraging officers and men to study , analyze , and discuss theories and to compare and examine themselves with positive examples , this unit has drawn up measures to conduct rectification and correction and concentrated on enhancing officers and men 's sense of responsibility and mission in preparing for military combat with high standards and high quality .
as a result , this education has been conducted in a down - to - earth manner with gratifying results .
during the education , the broad ranks of officers and men of this unit have conscientiously studied the series of important expositions on the army 's basic functions made by the three generations of the party 's leadership core . in particular , they have emphatically studied comrade deng xiaoping 's thinking on army building during the new period as well as chairman jiang zemin 's important expositions regarding army building , thus deepening their comprehension of the army 's basic functions during the new period .
they said : defending the people 's peace labor and safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity constitute the sacred mission entrusted by the constitution on the pla as well as the most collective manifestation of the army 's basic functions during the new historical period .
the pla should always , in the past , at present , or in the future , firmly and unswervingly consider the will of the state and the nation as the supreme will and consider the interest of the state and the nation as the supreme interest .
like revolutionaries of the older generation , we will certainly not hesitate to sacrifice our all for the reunification of the state and the happiness of the people and will never allow an inch of our territory to be separated from the motherland .
this unit 's party committee has guided officers and men to conduct an extensive discussion under the title " how to win the future regional war under high - tech conditions in the face of the complicated international situation . "
during the discussion , officers and men reviewed the army 's glorious history in fighting the people 's war , defeating the strong by the weak , and defeating the superior by the inferior . they spoke glowingly of the army 's tremendous achievements in revolutionization , modernization , and regularization and reaffirmed their confidence of winning the regional war under the high - tech condition .
they said : no matter how science and technology develop , the decisive factor for the victory or defeat always lies in the people rather than materials . what we fight for is justice , and an army dedicated to a just cause will never be defeated .
the education conducted by this unit has the prominent characteristics of regarding the education process as the process to prepare for military combat and turning the enthusiasm aroused from this education to the actual act of scientific and technological training .
during the education , officers and men of this unit have earnestly examined and found out the weak links in the preparations for military combat .
they are : to examine whether the sense of responsibility and urgency is strong and to see whether the major energy is put in preparing for military combat ; to examine whether the work requirements are high and to see whether the action of building a perfect and strong unit is conscious ; to examine whether the spiritual state is good and to see whether the energy is concentrated on thinking of , striving for , and grasping the " victory , " and to examine whether their quality is good and to see whether they meet the demands of the modern high - tech war and have mapped out their rectification and correction measures .
at present , an upsurge of mass scientific and technological training has been set off among all pla units , a large number of training pacesetters and technical experts have come into the open , and the overall fighting capacity of pla units has been enhanced anew .
in early spring , education is a hot topic for discussion across the country .
speaking of a strong echo found in the society by a " renmin ribao " commentator 's article entitled " the whole society should show concern and support for the education cause , " the deputies and members attending the " two sessions " invariably held : this is a natural outcome of the redoubled efforts made by the cpc central committee last year to implement the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education .
they generally agreed : the education sector did a lot of major , good , practical , and new things last year , a year marked by real and fruitful enforcement of the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education , from which people saw the hope of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation !
just as a country 's rise or fall hinges on education , a strong and prosperous motherland depends on education .
" by reviewing last year 's major events in the scientific and education sector , people will easily discover such a fact : the party and state set unprecedented store by national rejuvenation through science and education and such a concept as national rejuvenation through science and education received more popular support than during any other period in history , " said wen fujiang , a deputy to $number national people 's congress [ npc ] and a vice president of shandong university of agriculture , whose view was shared by a lot of people .
in the course of national rejuvenation through science and education , science and technology are the key and education the foundation and the two supplement , complement , and are indispensable to each other .
last year saw two national conferences convened one after another , which beat the battle drum of national rejuvenation through science and education loud across the vast divine land - - $number was $number national education work conference convened in beijing in $date .
" as a country 's rise or fall hinges on education , the whole people are duty - bound to rejuvenate education , " stated general secretary jiang zemin at its opening ceremony , whose remarks reverberated in the hearts of the country 's people for a long time just like a forceful strike at a big bronze bell .
jiang called on the party committees and governments at all levels to take education as a key aspect of strategic development ; place education in an overall modernization building plan ; really take education as leading and basic work vital to overall interests ; and hold education development as a priority and in a strategic position . shortly afterwards , the national technical innovation conference was convened in $date .
at its opening ceremony , general secretary jiang zemin earnestly and tirelessly instructed : the comrades of the whole party and the people of the whole country should firmly bear in mind that comprehensively implementing the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education ; vigorously pushing forward technological progress ; and stepping up technological innovation are a major issue vital to a strong and prosperous motherland and to national rejuvenation .
" given their high grade and great significance , the two national conferences convened at the end of $date were unprecedented ones in the new china 's history , which greatly inspired and profoundly encouraged the education , scientific , and technological workers in the whole country ! " said zhao zongyi , a deputy to $number npc and a teacher of heihe normal school , " the two conferences were known to have laid down a program of action for national rejuvenation through science and education $date and charted a clear direction for the country 's education , scientific , and technological development . "
take a look at the vast divine land , $date , the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education was really implemented in a down - to - earth manner : the basic research witnessed steady progress .
insofar as " the state plan of key basic research development " is concerned , after some $number projects were launched in1998 , another $number projects were launched $date . led by some $number leading scientists , the project team members waged offensives at basic research topics vital to the national economy and the people 's livelihood ; the work of popularizing science was enhanced to a significant extent .
general secretary jiang zemin sent a letter to the national conference on popularizing science , pointing out : we must strengthen in real earnest the work of popularizing science by taking it as an important task aimed at implementing the strategy of " national rejuvenation through science and education " and as an important content of socialist spiritual civilization building ; should energetically popularize scientific knowledge in the whole society ; and should advocate the spirit of science ; publicize scientific thinking ; and disseminate scientific measures ; on the eve of the college entrance examination , the ministry of education transmitted such good news : this year , on the basis of enrolling some $number more students , the country 's higher learning institutions are expected to enroll another $number more students .
with the enrollment of mature students factored in , the total college enrollment is expected to reach almost $number people ; in $date , the country 's government introduced the top state scientific and technological prize and the state president is set to award a cash reward of $number yuan to its winners ( no more than two winners every year ) .
in $date , a month in golden autumn , $number china international hi - tech achievements trade fair was held in shenzhen to promote china 's economic and technological cooperation with various countries in the world .
the trade volume of scientific and technological achievements exceeded $number yuan on $number day ; the higher learning institutions made significant headway in renovating their tube - shaped buildings and a large batch of teachers moved into the new dormitories ; the ministry of personnel , the state planning commission , and the ministry of education introduced special quotas aimed at turning some $number , $number qualified teachers of schools run by the people into teachers of schools run by the government with the result that teaching in schools run by the people will become history $date ; a state survey and appraisal report on the country 's whole - people education in the year $number , which was issued at the end of last year , showed that the country 's school entrance rate among school - age children has risen from $number percent $date to $number percent at the moment and the illiteracy rate among young people and people in the prime of their life has dropped from $number percent $date to below $number percent ; a country which attaches importance to scientific and technological development is bound to benefit from science and technology .
by the end of $date , the ordinary people and government officials had acutely sensed the firm steps taken in national rejuvenation through science and education .
$date , the scientific , technological , and education reform aimed at fundamentally resolving the problem of science , technology , and education being divorced from economy made a major breakthrough .
how could the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education be implemented to the letter ?
the cpc central committee and the state council gave an explicit answer : we must positively push forward through coordination a scientific and technological structural reform , an education structural reform , and an economic structural reform in order to fundamentally resolve the problem of science , technology , and education being divorced from economy .
the deputies and members pointed out : this policy decision made by the cpc central committee and the state council has hit the nail on the head and grasped the key to the issue .
on $date of last year , the state economic and trade commission began to run all $number scientific research academies or institutes affiliated to some $number state administrations under its control as enterprises , this being a substantial step forward in the scientific and technological structural reform .
early this year , beijing general academy of nonferrous metal studies was $number unit to receive an enterprise legal person license from the state administration for industry and commerce and turn from an institution into a scientific and technological enterprise , this being a historical transformation .
professor wang dianzuo , a member of $number cppcc [ chinese people 's political consultative conference ] national committee , honorary president of beijing general academy of nonferrous metal studies , and a member of the two academies [ chinese academy of sciences and chinese academy of social sciences ] , pointed out : to turn scientific research academies and institutes involved in applied research into enterprises in terms of an operative system is a fundamental way of resolving in terms of a structure and a mechanism the problem of science , technology , and education being divorced from economy ; is a major move aimed at implementing the strategic principle laid down by the cpc central committee and the state council of " stepping up technical innovation ; promoting hi - tech development ; and realizing industrialization " ; and is the only way for scientific research academies and institutes to seek survival and development under market economic conditions .
$date , the cpc central committee and the state council issued " decision on stepping up technical innovation ; promoting hi - tech development ; and realizing industrialization , " which once again expounded on the important significance and major ways of technical innovation ; explicitly laid down the principle and line of scientific and technological structural reform ; and mapped out various measures aimed at creating a favorable policy environment for promoting technical innovation and hi - tech development and realizing industrialization . the " decision " was viewed as a general mobilization order for pushing forward scientific and technological structural reform $date .
the education reform was also enforced as required .
faced with a new situation , the contradiction between the education thinking , system , structure , contents , and methods on the one hand and the needs of socialist modernization development became more conspicuous with each passing day .
zhu rongji , premier of the state council , pointed out : faster education development mainly relies on reform .
though the " spring examination " was not as appealing to the country 's people as the summer examination and was much less sensational , it did break the solid ice of " one examination deciding on one 's whole life " and signal $number welcome step from the elite education to the mass education in the country 's college education ; shortly afterwards , a cry for " unbinding primary and secondary school students " found a strong echo in the whole society with the result that the examination - based education , which judges students ' quality by their examination results , became a target of public criticism again .
speaking of this , huang renjian , a member of $number cppcc national committee , excitedly stated : " the call for quality education , which has been heard for so many years , finally made a breakthrough in practice .
as the work deepens further , the children in the whole country are bound to be freed from heavy homework .
i sincerely hope that comprehensive development of ethical , intellectual , and physical quality is no longer an empty talk ! "
we must grasp opportunities ; forge ahead in face of difficulties ; strike while the iron is still hot ; positively press ahead with all types of reform ; and see to it that national rejuvenation through science and education will play a due role in the historical process of the chinese nation 's rejuvenation .
" it takes more than one cold day for the river to freeze three chi [ a traditional unit of length ] deep . "
both the system transformation for scientific research academies and institutes and conceptual reform for the education structure have just entered the stage of storming fortifications .
liu jiren , a member of the cppcc national committee and director of dongdaaerpai software company ltd . , pointed out : our country still lags far behind developed countries in scientific , technological , and education standard . look at the whole country , scientific and education standard still varies greatly from one region to the other .
how to fully exploit the existing scientific , technological , and education resources ; how to create and build a new personnel innovation system and a new technical innovation system , which are conformable to the era of knowledge economy ; and how to fully and effectively integrate knowledge with economy , technology with capital , and science and technology with education will be the key issues to be tackled in implementing the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education .
the deputies and members maintained : apart from seeing challenges and knowing about shortcomings , we should also see more clearly a golden opportunity .
now that the cpc central committee and the state council have made staunch resolve and correct decisions to implement the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education ; the people of the whole country have expressed an ardent wish to build a prosperous nation through science and education and a strong country through knowledge ; the whole country 's industrial and agricultural structures have been undergoing major readjustment ; the enterprises have been engaged in technical innovation ; the western regions have been under large - scale development ; the country 's opening up has been expanding with each passing day ; and the day of acceding to wto [ world trade organization ] is drawing near , all these have provided implementing the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education with a limitless objective demand , an inexhaustible internal motive force , and a favorable external environment .
" don 't let slip an opportunity as it may never come again . "
feng xuchu , a npc deputy and mayor of xian city , said : " the most pressing matter of the moment is to take advantage of a favorable situation to forge ahead and continually implement without delay all scientific , technological , and education reform measures laid down by the cpc central committee and the state council . meanwhile , we should also create a favorable policy environment for reform ; constantly put forth and refine various corresponding measures ; more expeditiously , successfully , and organically integrate scientific and technological progress and education development with the present economic construction and social development ; and enable the two to promote and push forward each other in a benign cycle . "
" the screams of monkeys on either bank had scarcely ceased echoing in my ear , when my skiff had left behind it $number ranges of hills . "
though a myriad of contradictions have yet to be tackled and countless difficulties yet to be overcome in the historical process of national rejuvenation through science and education , so long as we forge ahead in face of difficulties and implement the party 's relevant policies in real earnest , our national rejuvenation through science and education is bound to dutifully accomplish its mission by creating new brilliance in the course of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation .
according to a well - informed source , former member of the cpc political bureau and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee chen xitong , who was sentenced to $number years ' imprisonment by the beijing municipal higher people 's court for corruption and dereliction of duty , recently obtained permission to be released from prison on " medical parole " due to his poor health .
the well - informed person said : the judicial department in beijing approved chen xitong 's request for medical parole on the eve of spring festival in view of his poor health and need to receive medical treatment . arrangements were made to let him rest and receive medical treatment in a quiet village on the outskirts of beijing .
it was learned that , although chen xitong is on medical parole , he is still a prisoner serving a sentence and must observe relevant stipulations , including not having any contact with the outside world without approval from the concerned department .
according to the same source , after receiving the final ruling by the supreme people 's court in $date on his crimes of corruption and dereliction of duty , chen xitong served his term at china 's " high class prison " - - qincheng prison . he suffered from various illnesses common to old people such as cardiac disease , high blood pressure , and bronchitis . however , he was in quite good spirits and made efforts to improve his health by going for walks or playing tennis at the prison .
it was learned that , at the prison , chen xitong could subscribe to various domestic newspapers and watch tv . his favorite papers were beijing ribao and beijing wanbao . chen xitong 's lunch includes two dishes with soup .
it was learned that chen xitong 's emotions were unstable during the initial period at qincheng prison . there were rumors in the political circle that he once cut his arm in order to commit suicide .
chen xitong is $number member of the cpc political bureau sentenced by the court for corruption and dereliction of duty since cpc assumed the reins of government .
$number political bureau member who was sentenced by the court .
in $date , wang baoshan , executive vice mayor of beijing municipality , committed suicide by shooting himself due to his involvement in the case of illegal raising money in wuxi . this caused a big shock in the capital 's political circle .
shortly afterward , chen xitong 's " resignation to hold himself responsible for a serious mistake " was approved . his post of secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee was removed and secretary of the central commission for discipline inspection wei jianxing took over the post and investigated the case .
on the eve of the $number cpc national congress $date , chen xitong was dismissed from the party and removed from the important position of member of the political bureau .
on $date , the beijing higher people 's court found chen xitong guilty of accepting $number valuable articles , leading a luxurious life and wantonly spending public money when he was mayor and secretary of beijing municipality , and the court sentenced him to $number years of fixed - term imprisonment .
chen xitong pleaded not guilty and made an appeal . the supreme people 's court on $date of the same year made a ruling of final instance on affirming the original judgment . chen xitong was immediately imprisoned .
in late $date , chen shui - pien [ chen shuibian ] issued a so - called " constitutional amendment white paper " as a key part of his campaign policy position .
this document defines cross - strait sovereignty as follows : a future " constitution " should establish " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence , " clearly providing that the territory of the " republic of china " includes taiwan , the penghus , quemoy , matsu , their subsidiary islands , and other regions under " national authority . "
meanwhile , the changed state of " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence " should be decided through a referendum by the taiwan people . this proposal obviously includes two implications : $number ) a " constitutional amendment " should establish " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence " under the name of " the republic of china " [ roc ] .
$number ) a " constitutional amendment " should establish a " referendum " as the form for deciding the changed status quo of " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence . " this is another exposure of the " taiwan independence " essence of chen shui - pien , which rips off his self - mask of some time now , to take an extremely dangerous step .
it is permeated with an essentially " taiwan independence " spirit . a study of chen shui - pien 's campaign document shows that it is focused on cross - strait relations , which is the aspect of all of the policy positions of the dpp and mr. chen that is of most widespread attention in taiwan society and both in china and abroad .
but both the focus of his campaign document and his related position on the definition of cross - strait relations are permeated with an essentially " taiwan independence " spirit .
this shows that the " constitutional amendment " that chen shui - pien is preaching and his position on establishing " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence " are absolutely not incidental , but rather an inevitable extension of the " taiwan independence " mindset in his campaign document .
the focus of the campaign document , or the essentially " new middle line , " shows that the so - called " new middle line " has been copied from the west by chen shui - pien and put to his own use , to show that he is in line with " mainstream world considerations and values . " while chen shui - pien has not necessarily yet been able to clearly describe his " new middle line " so that it is really understandable , his aim and essential purpose in publicizing it is consequently all too clear . it runs through his inherent political beliefs , being focused on cross - strait relations , and being aimed directly at mainland china . $number .
the grounds and principle of the " new middle line " are that " taiwan is a sovereign and independent country , " with its focus being " national security . " it acts in the guise of " defending national security " to really pursue the " defense of taiwan 's sovereignty and independence . "
so the so - called " new middle line " is nothing but a whitewash of the dpp position for " taiwan independence . " $number .
it uses the " greatest common divisor " of so - called " national security " to congeal a consensus within taiwan , in persistent resistance against mainland china . and it employs the so - called " middle tactic " to practice the basic value of " national identification and definition . " $number .
the highest principle of the so - called " national security " is the strategic security of the asia - pacific region , which involves the common interests of the united states , japan , and taiwan in the western pacific , and which is undoubtedly aimed at containing china .
as to his position on the definition of cross - strait relations , chen shui - pien insists that " taiwan is a sovereign and independent country . "
this is consistent with the implications and essence of lee teng - hui 's [ li tenghui ] " two - state theory . " that is precisely why , since lee teng - hui trotted out his " two - state theory , " chen shui - pien has felt comforted , claiming that the " two - state theory " coincides with the longstanding position of the dpp and himself . and he has gone on to favor using the " two - state theory " to make a " constitutional amendment " and abolish the " national reunification platform . "
as to chen shui - pien 's downplaying of the sharp cross - strait conflict touched off by , potential danger of , and response by the international community to the " two - state theory , " the constant prating of his " taiwan independence " position under flowery names , and his lack of hesitation in taking a great gamble to push the taiwan people to the verge of war , his main cause and motivation is : why not hesitate to move toward war ?
his taiwan independence nature is unavoidably exposed .
chen shui - pien is a radical " taiwan independence " figure . meanwhile , he is a typical opportunist politician , being good at playing political tricks , and at exploiting the news media to embellish and concoct , to camouflage himself .
but in certain major incidents , his " taiwan independence " essence has been endlessly exposed .
when $number plenary session of $number dpp congress passed its " taiwan independence platform " $date , chen shui - pien played a key role . in the taipei mayoralty campaign stalemate at the end of $number , chen shui - pien hysterically shouted slogans such as " taiwan and china , one country on each side , " " taiwan people will not elect a chinese , " and " we will not let chinese into taipei city . "
he plays both sides , holding that he is very wise .
chen shui - pien on one hand defines cross - strait relations as " special relations between two countries , " proposing a " constitutional amendment " to implement that .
but on the other , he takes positions such as " great reconciliation and great cooperation in the taiwan strait , " " cross - strait negotiations on all matters , to sign a peace agreement , " and " direct traffic , " saying that once elected , he will take a delegation to mainland china before taking office on a " peace trip . "
chen shui - pien is using such two - faced means in an attempt to deceive the taiwan society and hoodwink the broad masses .
leaving aside the fact that the " two - state theory " and " constitutional amendment " could touch of an armed cross - strait confrontation , even his definition of cross - strait relations as " special relations between two countries " has already lost the essential prerequisite and grounds for his position on " developing cross - strait relations . " and his so - called " peace and stability " and " happiness and hope " are absolutely smoke and mirrors , which chen shui - pien knows quite well .
but despite the calculations of his organization , since his serious campaign flaws have been further shown , with the dpp 's " taiwan independence platform " and chen shui - pien 's past " taiwan independence " inclinations hardly dispelling the society 's concerns and suspicions , the public still lacks a sense of security about the dpp and chen shui - pien .
so chen shui - pien 's tone has again aroused vigilance in taiwan society .
he has stabilized his voter base and expanded his support base .
but since just the opposite has occurred , with this step bringing a strong reaction from the taiwan society and stern attention from the international community , chen shui - pien has been forced to explain , in an attempt to dispel the adverse impact .
chen shui - pien 's coming to power would endanger taiwan . lee teng - hui 's trotting out of his " two - state theory " was the inevitable outcome of the separatist line that he has stubbornly pursued , as well as being closely related to taiwan 's $date election . the reaction of the chinese government and both in china and abroad to the " two - state theory " will be bound to have a key influence on the $date election .
aimed at the " two - state theory , " the chinese government has clearly declared that , if the taiwan authorities do not wake up , insisting on pursuing an isolated policy of " two - state theory , " " constitutional amendment , " and " law amendment , " that will be an official declaration and promotion of " taiwan independence " in law and political operation , with the grounds and prospects for a peaceful cross - strait reunification no longer existing , which will undoubtedly push taiwan toward the brink of war .
due to the strong pressure of the chinese government and international opinion , the taiwan authorities have not yet made the reckless move to make a " constitutional amendment " of the " two - state theory . "
but finding a way to break the cross - strait political deadlock caused by the " two - state theory , " to improve and develop cross - strait relations , is a conspicuous political choice facing the successor after $date .
as one of the candidates , chen shui - pien is prating a " constitutional amendment " to establish " taiwan 's sovereignty and independence , " making this the political position of his campaign , which is obviously treating the " two - state theory " and a " referendum " as plans that he is preparing to implement in detail if elected . he is actually risking a great prohibition , playing with fire , the serious nature and consequences of which are obvious .
this can only show that chen shui - pien 's past so - called guarantees that " he will not declare taiwan independence once he takes power , " " will not arbitrarily promote a referendum , " and " will not play with the lives of the taiwan people " are nothing but lies .
vice premier qian qichen noted clearly in a speech at the forum in beijing of all circles marking $number anniversary of president jiang 's eight points that , so - called " taiwan independence " can only mean cross - strait war , absolutely not cross - strait peace .
since chen shui - pien 's tone essentially violates taiwan public opinion , severely endangering the security and interests of the taiwan public , there will definitely be no way for it to escape its fate of failure .
among the various work reports that are to be submitted for the deliberation of the npc and the cppcc at the " two sessions , " premier zhu rongji 's government work report can be said the center of attention .
according to a relevant source , this report has substantial content and shows an approach of profound significance .
it is understood that the government work report is composed of $number parts which cover the following main contents : reviewing the work of the government $date ; continuing to expand domestic demands and promote the country 's economic growth ; introducing a strategic structural readjustment ; pushing forward the reform , and strengthening the management , of state enterprises ; implementing both the strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the strategy of maintaining a sustainable development ; opening the country wider to the outside world , expanding the scope of exports , and making an efficient use of foreign investment ; establishing and perfecting the social security system ; administering the government strictly and punishing corruption ; promoting the country 's diplomatic work ; and accelerating the great cause of realizing the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
looking back at $number , one can see that it was a year of many major events , many knotty issues , and many contingencies .
in the face of such a complicated and changeable situation , the chinese government stood up to various severe tests , and won many victories on the political and diplomatic fronts .
on its economic and social fronts , china successfully met its preset targets for economic growth , its exports ceased to fall and began to pick up , its financial revenue enjoyed a stable growth , an increase was registered in the economic returns of state enterprises , and the living standards of the people are undergoing a continued improvement .
although china 's exports began to pick up last year and china can see the hope of acceding to the wto this year , to the chinese government , its work of foreign trade and economic cooperation still remains highly difficult this year .
therefore , the government is expected to make it one of the focuses for this year 's work to further expand the scope of exports , make a better use of foreign investment , and accelerate the reform of its foreign trade system .
it has been learned that china 's accession to the wto is not elaborated in great length in the government work report , and this serves to show the prudent and low - key approach adopted by the government on this issue .
as a matter of fact , all government departments are currently engaged in revising and perfecting relevant policies , rules , and regulations on the basis of both the wto 's requirements and china 's promises .
meanwhile , all industries and trades are also studying and drawing up corresponding workable measures , in a bid to meet the pressure and challenges that may come together with china 's " wto accession . "
reinforcing the modernization building of national defense is an important guarantee to china 's economic construction , and to a lengthy and peaceful reign of the country .
this year , the government will increase input in the army building , with a view to enhancing the comprehensive ability of the troops to win technological wars and to adapting the army to the new situation that faces china 's national security and military struggle in the new century .
the year $number was also one which witnessed the greatest change in both the international situation and international relations ever since the end of the cold war .
in the face of changes in the international situation , china adhered to its principled stand , opposed hegemonism , maintained peace , and showed to the world its image as a big and responsible country .
the china - us relations experienced several ups and downs , and were featured by twists and turns . the agreement reached between china and the united states on china 's accession to the wto at the end of last year is beneficial to maintaining and promoting a stable growth in the china - us relations in the next century [ as published ] ; the partnership of strategic cooperation between china and russia was further replenished and enriched ; new headway was made in china 's relations with europe and all eu countries ; and china - japan relations showed the trend of a sound development .
this year , the chinese government will continue to uphold its independent foreign policy of peace ; resolutely safeguard china 's independent sovereignty , territorial integrity , and national dignity ; oppose hegemonism ; and safeguard the world peace .
along with the successive returns of hong kong and macao to the embrace of the motherland , the mission of realizing the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date has become a highlighted and urgent issue placed before the chinese government and the chinese people ; and reaching an important historic juncture today , the settlement of the taiwan issue can no longer be evaded or delayed indefinitely .
therefore , expositions on the taiwan issue take up a considerable space in zhu rongji 's government worm report .
in fact , " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " recently issued by the taiwan affairs office and the information office of the state council has fully and clearly stated the stand of the chinese government on the taiwan issue , and has demonstrated both the determination and the sense of urgency of the chinese government and the chinese people in settling the taiwan issue .
beijing , $date - - a social survey organization showed here : $number percent of interviewees held that the taiwan issue should be settled sooner rather than later . all respondents shared the view that " taiwan independence " only meant a war rather than peace between the two sides of the taiwan strait .
the release of a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " has evoked repercussions at home and abroad .
to promptly reflect public opinions , the social survey institution of china [ ssic ] conducted a swift telephone survey in beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , changsha , wuhan , chongqing , harbin , and other cities and obtained $number effective samples .
all interviewees indicated that the white paper on the one - china principle had once again declared at home and abroad that despite challenges and pressure , neither chinese communists nor the chinese government has made any compromise or concession on the issue of the one - china principle , nor will they do so in the future .
the white paper stated that " if the taiwan authorities indefinitely reject the settlement of the reunification issue through peace talks , " the mainland may be compelled to use force and set a " timetable without a time frame . "
on the issue of the time frame for reunification , the survey showed that $number percent of those interviewed believed that the taiwan issue should be resolved sooner rather than later . $number found it necessary to set a rough timetable for both sides . $number held that if the mainland is compelled to use force , the taiwan issue should be settled within three to five years . nearly $number percent of the respondents felt that it was better to float a plan within this year to genuinely resolve the taiwan issue .
in this interview , ssic researchers noticed that the majority of the respondents still hoped that the taiwan issue would be resolved peacefully because if it were to be settled by force , both sides would have to pay a high price and make sacrifices for the motherland 's reunification .
however , if the taiwan authorities cling obstinately to their pursuit of taiwan independence , then the mainland 's only option will be the use of force ; the taiwan authorities will force the mainland to pursue that one option .
in connection with the policy and view of ch 'en shui - pien - - a candidate in the election for taiwan authorities ' new leader - - on cross - strait relations , taiwan issue expert li jiaquan today accepted an interview with a reporter of this paper in beijing . li jiaquan noted that if ch 'en shui - pien , who is a typical representative of " taiwan independence , " becomes the one who can formulate and execute policies for the taiwan authorities and adheres to and promotes his program for " taiwan independence , " an outbreak of war will be unavoidable between the two sides of the taiwan strait .
the senior taiwan issue expert is convinced that , under such circumstances , the speed of reunification between the two sides of the taiwan strait will be accelerated . the taiwan problem can be basically solved in three to five years or no longer than $number years .
li jiaquan said : not long ago , ch 'en shui - pien put forward in his campaign policy his " seven points " toward the mainland . he claimed that if he is elected , he " will not declare taiwan independence , " " is willing to visit the mainland , " and other issues . however , the crucial point is that he still asserts that " taiwan is already an independent sovereign state . " this shows that his cross - strait policy and stand are " covered up to suit his strategy " and his desire for " taiwan independence " is abundantly clear .
li jiaquan pointed out : the day to elect taiwan authorities ' leader will come soon . on the issue of cross - strait relations , with the exception of ch 'en shui - pien , all principal candidates will be better than li teng - hui when elected .
as to whether ch 'en shui - pien can be elected to be the leader or not , i have three views : $number , we oppose him .
regarding his taiwan independence party platform , we will wage resolute struggle and never make compromise with him .
$number , we will not be afraid .
ch 'en shui - pien is a downright representative of those who stick to the idea of " taiwan independence . " if he becomes the one who can formulate and execute policies for taiwan , he will not only ideologically follow but also take action to promote " taiwan independence . "
in this way , a war between the two sides of the taiwan strait will be unavoidable .
$number , we will treat him seriously , and actively make preparations . we will despise him strategically and take full account of him tactically . despising him strategically means we firmly believe that ch 'en shui - pien or other members of the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] can never achieve their final goal of " taiwan independence . "
taking full account of him , we mean we should make active preparations . when war starts , we must win .
professor li jiaquen analyzed the situation and said : if ch 'en shui - pien is elected , there will be two possibilities .
$number possibility is that he will declare that he will not practice " taiwan independence , " but this possibility is not likely .
if ch 'en shui - pien assumes power , even if he himself has an idea to change the stand of the dpp , those who have supported him to assume power will not allow him to revise the " taiwan independence " party platform .
his being elected will certainly encourage elements of " taiwan independence " to go all out to practice separatist activities and increase anti - china forces ' illusion of " taiwan independence . "
$number possibility is that ch 'en shui - pien will not declare independence , nor will he revise the " taiwan independence " party platform .
in this way , the cross - strait relations will be in a situation of opposing each other in a stalemate and tension .
$number , most people on taiwan island will not follow ch 'en shui - pien . the scope of influence of his idea of " taiwan independence " is limited .
$number , there are different opinions among dpp members on whether to take a stiff " taiwan independence " line or not .
the dpp inside is rent by disunity with many factions . some people are not firm in following the " taiwan independence " line .
$number , there are international factors .
the us government has made an announcement to the world that it " will not support taiwan independence . " in consideration of its national interests , the united states cannot possibly provoke a " major war between china and the united states " in order to support " taiwan independence . "
if taiwan declares independence , the chinese government will launch a just war in order to solve an issue left from history after doing everything called for by humanity and duty . if the united states interferes and supports " taiwan independence , " it will be in an unprecedented isolation internationally . professor li jiaquan also put forward well - intentioned expectations and suggestions to taiwan 's dpp in the future .
he said : in the face of the result of a certain failure , people with some political consciousness should consider changing the party 's stand . there are fierce disputes within dpp in this respect .
in order to have a favorable development for dpp , i am convinced that it should change its stand . the change should at least include two connotations .
$number , dpp must change its name .
it should be called chinese democratic progressive party or dpp in china 's taiwan region .
$number , it is necessary to revise its " taiwan independence " party platform .
taiwan was never independent in the past . taiwan cannot be independent at present and will never be allowed to be independent in the future .
the political goal of dpp should be built on establishing a democratic and autonomous government in china 's taiwan region and integrating love for taiwan with love for the motherland .
since the founding of the new china , with the continuous development in the cause of our military s college and university education , and targeting the reality of college and university construction in different periods , the state central military commission and the general political department have formulated and issued a batch of regulations and systems concerning college and university education one after another .
managing education according to laws is a concrete embodiment , in the field of education , of implementing the principle of managing the military according to laws .
the new millenium is a new starting point .
this is an important measure taken by the state central military commission and the headquarters of the general staff to promote the transcentury development of our army 's military training . this measure is very significant in further strengthening our military 's quality construction , truly improving troops ' ability in " winning wars " and maintaining our motherland 's unification and security .
training soldiers with science and technology is a deep reform representing a milestone in the history of our military 's training .
they have created a large amount of new experience in training soldiers with science and technology through their abundant and vivid implementation of the great call . training fields are overflowing with vigor , fully displaying the great effect and strong vitality of training soldiers with science and technology for improving our military 's ability in " winning wars " and for promoting military construction .
as our military changes from traditional training to training soldiers with science and technology , it is urgent to solve many problems , from the thought and concept of training to the content and method of training and from the training system to logistical support .
president jiang repeatedly emphasizes : " we launch the movement of training soldiers with science and technology , improve our training quality relying on scientific and technological progress and narrow the difference between training and actual wars .
he also says : " we must focus on and do well in this issue unremittingly , achieving obvious improvements in our troops ' ability in dealing with high - tech wars . "
president jiang 's important directives deeply explain the importance and urgency of launching the movement of training soldiers with science and technology in the new period . comprehensively and deeply launching the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is the basic way to improve our military 's ability in " winning wars , " a basic reform in the methods to improve our military 's fighting power and the theme of our military 's training currently and in the future period .
deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is a strategic choice made by our military after it considers the development of the times .
when standing in the forefront of the development of the times and tracing the development of the world 's military reform , we have to clearly see that military training is the basic way to produce and improve fighting power in the peaceful period and that it is very difficult to achieve a leap forward in the quality of military training only through raising the intensity and prolonging the time of training .
to change ways of raising fighting power and follow a new road of training and development , our only choice is to seek fighting power through science and technology .
just because of this , we must have a sense of urgency to keep up with the trend , strive to deepen the movement of training soldiers with science and technology and seek great strides in development in our military training .
deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is an urgent task of our military 's training in the preparation for military fighting .
at the turn of the century , the war in kosovo again warns that high - tech wars are not far away from us . the increasingly rampant forces for the independence of taiwan show that the fight for the unification of our motherland is acute and complex .
upholding the country 's security , unification and territorial integrity is our military 's sacred mission .
because future wars will be fought under the condition of high technology , we should train our soldiers in the background of high technology .
we must closely associate our military training with our army 's preparation for military fighting , strive to deepen the movement of training soldiers with science and technology and make efforts in improving the troops ' fighting power with science and technology . in this way , we can truly ensure that we will " win wars . "
deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is also an objective requirement in military training for the development of the military 's modernization construction .
with our military 's quality construction and the adjustments of our military 's system of staff size , troops ' weaponry is continuously updated . this requires us to increase scientific and technological content in our training , give full play to the function of new equipment , and achieve the best combination of people and weapons . improvement in the cultural quality of the rank and file and reform in the system of military service require us to use science in our training , strive to shorten training periods and speed up the production of fighting power .
currently , the rapid development of science and technology provides an excellent opportunity for troops to deepen the movement of training soldiers with science and technology .
we must make full use of various advantageous conditions to speed up our steps in deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology . at the turn of the century , we face severe challenges and rare opportunities .
the rank and file of the entire military must conscientiously study these " opinions , " clarify the basic requirements of these " opinions , " increase their sense of urgency and devote themselves to the great implementation of the principles of these " opinions " in deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology .
once technology can be used to expand activity space , various countries may use technology as a sharp weapon to launch the wars of " territory " and " sovereignty " based on the principle of " $number come , $number use . "
in this new century - a cyber century , the magic contention for sovereignty of the " cyber territory " has already raised its curtain and is tending to become increasingly fierce .
the cyber century : the " $number territory " has come to the surface .
whether technology can touch off the contention for " territory " and " sovereignty " depends primarily on the questions whether various countries can expand the new space where they can get benefits and whether they can successfully control this " new space . "
a century ago , the invention of hydrogen balloons enabled mankind to take off the land for $number time .
$date , $number international aviation meeting was held in paris ; and $date , a french jurist disclosed for $number time that an international space law should be formulated and the space problem needed to be resolved . along with the invention of airplanes and development of radio technology , various countries have all the more sensed the importance of regarding the " territorial air space " as the " $number territory , " and praised $date as the century of classical space technology .
today , the " $number territory , " produced by the cyber century , is closely connected with the contention for the " $number territory . "
the launching of a satellite by former soviet union $date terrified the americans who had always considered themselves superior in contending for hegemony in the sky . as a result , they began the research of using " network " to enhance their commanding system and computer security . it is precisely this " network " that gave birth to the " $number territory . " the year $number is the birth year of the internet .
this is also the year when the americans left $number footprints of mankind out of the earth . after this , under the " speculation " of its government , the united states took the lead in building the " network information expressway , " which soundlessly and motionlessly cut across national boundaries and rapidly reached the entire " global village . "
when other countries waked up to reality , they found the " expressway " of the united states had already become the " new territory " of the united states , and those who wanted to enter this " space " had to " apply for an entry visa " from the united states .
additionally , the people have come to realize the fact , that was indicated by pertinent specialists , that even though atom bombs can destroy everything on the earth , they can only become the tool to contend for hegemony or to defend sovereignty but cannot become the " territory " and " sovereignty " themselves .
in a cyber century , the economic , political , and cultural sovereignty as well as the military security of a country depend more and more on its effective jurisdiction over the " virtual territory . "
although there are neither tall buildings nor boundary monuments in this space , the information flowing there is more important than the petroleum resources in the earth and is as strategically important as the efforts to defend the sovereign right over territorial sky , waters , and land .
nowadays , a country 's sovereignty can be regarded integrated only when it has fully tapped the potentials of its " virtual territory " and effectively controlled this territory , in the course of safeguarding the sovereign right over its territorial sky , waters , and land .
the cyber world : the " virtual national boundaries " are not clear .
in history , technology not only hastened the birth of " territory " but also continuously changed national boundaries .
in the $number and $number centuries , for example , there was the phenomenon of setting the boundaries of territorial waters based on the firing range of guns and cannons . until now , the boundaries of a country 's territorial sky are still set by the maximum flight altitude of its aircraft , and the boundaries of its jurisdiction over the land are still fixed by the maximum reach of its technology .
meanwhile , in the current cyber world , new technologies are emerging in an endless stream and the cyber space and " boundaries " are even more complex and changeable .
the entire cyber world is the " internet " composed of all levels of " self - managed " systems .
viewing from this angle , the " firewall " and " passwords " constitute $number line of boundaries of virtual countries .
however , this is merely the most basic element of virtual countries . what is more important is the right to control the " information " from abroad .
at present , member states of the association of southeast asian nations unanimously maintain that it is necessary to formulate appropriate laws to not only promote the development of the internet but also protect the interests of various countries .
the french government has stipulated that the web sites releasing information within the territory of france must set up their french version web pages simultaneously . moreover , the singaporean authorities have set up the information filter sites with a high pay , whereby all the information entering and exiting singapore are subject to strict examination .
officials of the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization have also proposed the drawing - up of a cyber space " law " that is acceptable globally .
legislative authorities and civil rights organizations in the world have already begun tackling the problems peculiar to the network , such as the problems concerning judicial powers and extradition powers . however , there is still a long way to go to establish an international treaty aiming at management of cyber behaviors , because the formulation of such a treaty is much more difficult than that of the law of the sea and the law of the space .
just for this reason , the unclear virtual national boundaries have led to the hidden nature and complexity of the virtual territory and the sovereign contention .
to gain the initiative in the contention for network sovereignty , the key lies in the effort to improve the competitiveness in network and information aspects .
he who is more competitive is just like a huge " spider , " that has plenty of room for play of its knife , that can master and control the information flowing on the net , and that can keep expanding the cyberspace of its own . otherwise , one will become a " mosquito " that cannot free itself from the web and that cannot but follow in other 's footsteps and be controlled by others .
as a kind of cooperative competition , the competition for the network sovereignty lacks a clear rule .
the space of network competition is still under expanding . as long as a country has seized the opportunity , it may become the " spider " on the web that has the sovereignty .
to contending for hegemony on the internet , the key lies in the contention for " high borderland " in cyberspace .
clinton regarded the information expressway as the weapon to contend for hegemony in the world , and kennedy declared that " whoever controls the space will control the earth . " both of them are the specific manifestation of " theory of high borderland . "
so far , the united states has already shifted from the " information expressway " strategy emphasizing " network hardware " to the " digital earth " strategy emphasizing the " application of the information on the net . " this is the further development of the " high borderland theory " on the internet .
this is not only because that the united states is the place where the internet originated but also because that the us people have already embraced a very strong sense of the internet , thus giving birth to countless " small spiders . "
the us huge cyber information service culture is now invading the cyber information space of other countries . and the formulation of the world - level new criteria for the network technology has boldly predicted and offered a network theory , which has developed from the " mohr 's law " to the " yahoo rule . "
in light of this , the european union [ eu ] has recently proposed that european countries should use the new unified domain name of eu to replace the us domain names of com and net . in addition , the eu has stressed that european countries should work together to develop their own network technology and promote the application of this technology in order to compete with the us network .
a minister of france said : the next war is the war to scramble for cyberspace , and thus we must let france enter the internet . now , japan is exerting all its strength in the cyber information construction that is regarded as its " $number national buildup . " singapore is also devoting itself to building a " intelligence island " embraced by a fiber - optical net .
today we have already come to realize that when we link our information highway to the internet , it does not mean that we have entered the so - called " internet , " but means that we have entered the " us net . " what we are running on is the information expressway of the united states ( internet ) ; what we are driving is the information vehicle manufactured by americans ( browse software and hardware ) ; where we are stopping is the information sites built by americans ( web sites ) ; what we are watching is the place names given by americans ( domain names ) ; and what we are observing is the " traffic rules " formulated by americans , and so on .
thus , the internet is a revolution initiated by americans , with americans dominating the game rules .
however , refusing to enter the internet in any form means nothing but give away our cyber territory and sovereignty with both hands . so the only choice is to actively and positively plunge into the development of the internet , cultivate our own " spiders , " and open our own nets .
the cyber world is one advertising freedom and peace . in fact , the act of seeking hegemony can be seen everywhere in this world . meanwhile , the behaviors of luring others with " turnips " and acting arrogantly with " big sticks " coexist , with their forms becoming increasingly varied and concealed .
while vigorously developing the internet , the united states agitated that the " rapidly developed ' internet ' would give an impetus to the democratic principle and hold back the spreading of the totalitarian state power . " however , the cyber hegemony of the united states is abundantly clear .
for a long period of time , the united states has depended on its technological and information advantages to display its fist of hegemony everywhere .
for instance , china began applying for entering the internet for many times as early as $date . however , the united states rejected china on a variety of excuses . it is until early $date $date that the united states agreed china to enter the internet .
$number , it has taken improper means to artificially hinder the cyber technological progress of other countries . in fact , the united states has deprived others of the right of sharing information in cyberspace .
$number , it has gone all out to seek hegemony in " passwords " and pose threats on the network security of other countries . for instance , it has exported technologically backward password chips only and has usually left " backdoors " at the key chips .
$number , it has taken all possible means to seek economic hegemony in cyberspace . since $date , clinton has ceaselessly exerted pressure on the world trade organization , asking it to pass its proposal on " zero tariff " for e - business .
currently , all countries , including european countries , have come to realize the united states ' ambition of seeking hegemony in cyberspace , and therefore are striving to explore new ways of development .
many academicians of china have proposed that china should use the " spirit of two bombs and one satellite " to manufacture its own cpu , operation system , network programs , password chips , and large databases . in particular , the plan on manufacturing china 's own cpu has already been adopted at the beginning of this new millennium . hearing this news , overseas chinese scientists are very exciting , saying " the day china gets freedom and liberation in the information era is not far . "
the internet was designed for preventing physical destruction , and that it did not give full consideration to the security of information transmission . although it has been patched up continuously , it remains very weak .
in the gulf war , because iraq had bought the printers implanted with virus chips by us special agents , the network of some iraqi air defense systems were broken down by the virus activated by the united states with the remote control system .
now , even europe is wary of the network development of the united states . the european parliament indicated in a report in $date that the united states intercepted and captured business and other secrets through a lot of satellites , therefore the european union rejected the password key criteria given by the united states . the eu believed that the united states was intended to capture all kinds of information of europe in an easier way .
not long ago , the us army began incorporating the " network invasion " to its basic strategy and proposed gradually giving up the method of making the opponent network paralyzed . the us army also set forth the methods of emphatically launching struggles against the hackers , the viruses , and the insertion of misguided information to cyber territory . in the specific struggles , the us people have already tried the " butcher 's knife " for several times .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - state council vice premier qian qichen pointed out in beijing this afternoon that to promote and protect human rights , it is necessary to properly talk about them , but it is more necessary to properly work for them .
because of different national conditions , it is normal for different countries to have different views on the human rights issue .
confrontation is not a solution to differences and it is better to have dialogue .
qian qichen made this remarks during a meeting at ziguangge , zhongnanhai , with mrs. mary robinson , un high commissioner for human rights who has come to attend $number seminar on human rights of the asia - pacific region in beijing .
qian qichen said that in a country with a large population like china , we emphasize more on " working " for the promotion and protection of human rights .
in the past year , the chinese government has made efforts to realize the people 's economic , social and cultural rights , as well as to promote and protect the citizens ' political rights , and has made remarkable progress in this respect , thus comprehensively raising the level of enjoying various human rights by the chinese people .
he said : " at present , the situation of human rights in china is in the best historical period .
this is also a fact universally recognized in the international community . "
mrs. robinson thanked china for sponsoring the human rights seminar and said the meeting is very successful and is conducive to strengthening exchange and cooperation between countries in the asia - pacific region on the human rights issue .
she spoke positively about the progress made by china in promoting and protecting human rights in recent years . she also expressed welcome to the chinese government 's signing the two un human rights conventions $date and $number .
she said the office of the un high commissioner for human rights is willing to cooperate with china .
qian qichen said that the chinese government speaks positively of the two un human rights conventions .
since the signing of the two conventions , relevant legislative organs , government departments and academic institutions have carried out much comprehensive and meticulous research and are seriously making preparation for the approval of the two conventions .
this year , the chinese government has again made a decision on developing the western region .
this is of great significance to improving the living standard of the people of various ethnic groups in china 's western region and to enabling them to enjoy various human rights .
china hopes to obtain the support of the international community .
qian qichen pointed out that china has consistently supported the united nations and the international community in their energetic efforts to promote and protect human rights , actively participated in activities of the un human rights organizations , and made its own contribution to international cooperation in promoting human rights .
the chinese government also takes an active attitude in cooperating with the office of the un high commissioner for human rights .
the success of the eight asia - pacific human rights seminar in beijing is the outcome of the active cooperation between the chinese government and the office of the un high commission for human rights .
he hoped that the cooperation between the two sides , which has been built on the basis of equality and mutual respect , will constantly develop . the office of the un higher commission for human rights has made positive contribution to promoting dialogue on human rights between china and the international community .
with a view to ensuring a sound implementation of both the economic development strategy and the major policy decisions of the central authorities in the adjudication work , and to providing better services for the country 's economic construction , the supreme people 's court today issued " opinions on giving full rein to our functions and roles of adjudication , and providing judicial guarantee and legal services for the economic development . "
the " opinions " stressed : we should give full rein to our functions and roles of adjudication , provide a guarantee for the smooth progress of the state enterprise reform , and bring about a common development to economies of multiple ownerships which mainly relies on the public ownership .
we will crack down , according to the law , on various crimes which have undermined the country 's economic order .
we will take strong measures , according to the law , against such crimes as smuggling and conniving smuggling activities , manufacturing and selling fake and shoddy products , and infringing upon the intellectual property rights and the business secrets of enterprises ; mete out severe punishment to those who resort to all kinds of illegal competition behaviors ; and maintain a normal economic order which is indispensable to the reform and development of state enterprises .
we will deal heavy blows to such crimes as open plunder , theft , sabotage , and intentional damage of the means of production and the equipment of state enterprises ; particularly , we should protect the assets of state enterprises by cracking down on the crime of group theft against state enterprises .
we should take strong measures against the crime of killing and injuring the leaders and workers of state enterprises by retaliatory means , or other crimes that harm the personal rights of the leaders and workers of state enterprises , with a view to creating a sound security environment for the production and operation of state enterprises .
the " opinions " noted : to provide a guarantee for state enterprises to smoothly complete their strategic restructuring , we will properly handle , according to the law , cases involving disputes that have occurred during the process of enterprise restructuring , integration , merger , leasing , contracting , equity participation and holding , and in the work of lifting control over and enlivening medium and small state enterprises .
we will properly handle cases that involve the merger , bankruptcy , and close - down of large and medium state enterprises in strict accordance with relevant laws , policies , and judicial interpretations . in our handling of assets restructuring cases which involve changes in property rights , we should strictly standardize the practice of asset evaluation according to the law ; and not only should we guard against any losses of state assets and prevent any moves to evade , abrogate , and suspend the payment of bank debts and state taxes , but we should also encourage enterprises to increase their assets , reduce their debts , and bring true an assets restructuring .
we should properly handle cases , according to the law , which involve disputes that have occurred among state enterprises during the process of establishing and perfecting a modern enterprise system ; and provide legal protection for the autonomy enjoyed by enterprises in handling their own operational affairs , and for the control of the state over state assets .
we should properly handle cases , according to the law , which involves the stock rights , obligatory rights , and liabilities of state enterprise ; protect and encourage state enterprises to increase the intensity of direct investment and financing ; and safeguard the controlling power of the state economy , as well as the legitimate rights and interests of other creditors .
we should lay stress on the handling of such cases which involve labor and social security , protect the legitimate rights and interests of laborers according to the law , and step up the reform of the labor system ; at the same time , we should also support enterprises to strengthen and improve their management .
we should properly handle , according to the law , cases which involve the administration of state enterprises ; put a resolute end to any arbitrary collection of charges and penalties , unjustified financial levies , and other behaviors that harm the legitimate rights and interests of enterprises ; and provide support for state administrative organs to administer according to the law .
we should provide equal protection for the legal rights and interests of all parties involved in a lawsuit according to the law , and strive to bring about a healthy development to the market economy .
at the same time when providing a legal guarantee for the reform and development of state enterprises , people 's courts should strictly uphold the principle of impartiality in their case - handling and enforcement work ; and should extend equal treatment to all market main bodies , which are either under the state - owned economy or under non - state - owned economies , when it comes to the application of the law .
meanwhile , the " opinions " has also put forward concrete views on how people 's courts can successfully provide a legal guarantee for both the readjustment of the agricultural structure and the development of the rural economy , standardize the financial order according to the law , guard against and avert financial risks , protect intellectual property rights , and provide a guarantee for a sound implementation of the strategy of carrying out a large - scale development in china 's western region .
zhu mingshan , vice president of the supreme people 's court , indicated that it is the historical responsibility of people 's courts to provide an impartial , highly efficient , and high - quality judicial guarantee and judicial services for the economic construction and the social progress of our country .
he urged all people 's courts to speed up the reform of the forms , organization , and management of adjudication , as well as their internal organs and personnel system ; boost up their work efficiency through reform ; enhance the fairness of their case - handling work by means of reform ; fulfill all adjudication and enforcement tasks with a high quality and a high efficiency ; and provide better services for the economic construction and the social progress of our country .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : a russian deputy prime minister is visiting china just after chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan concluded his visit to russia . this shows that sino - russian relations are in an excellent [ hen hao de $number $number $number ] state and represent a new type of state - to - state relations .
at the foreign ministry 's news briefing today , zhu bangzao gave a brief account of foreign minister tang 's visit to russia and briefly assessed the development of sino - russian relations .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan returned home today after paying an official visit to russia $date at russian foreign minister igor ivanov 's invitation .
during the visit , russian acting president and prime minister vladimir putin met with foreign minister tang , and the foreign ministers of the two countries also held talks .
foreign minister tang presented a letter to acting president putin from president jiang zemin . in the letter , president jiang spoke highly of the sound development of the strategic cooperative partnership between china and russia .
during the meeting , putin stressed that the russian side would strictly adhere to the principles set forth in all the joint documents issued by both countries .
he pointed out that maintaining regular meetings between high - level leaders of the two countries is critical to developing and deepening the strategic cooperative partnership between russia and china .
both sides reaffirmed that another sino - russian summit meeting would be held this year and that serious preparations would be made for the chinese premier and the russian prime minister to hold regular meetings .
zhu bangzao said : the foreign ministers of the two countries had a full exchange of views on bilateral relations and major issues in the current international situation , and reached a broad consensus .
both sides pointed out with satisfaction that mutual cooperation between china and russia is not targeted at a $number country and that this kind of cooperation is increasingly becoming an important factor in promoting a multipolar world and in establishing a just and rational international order .
he pointed out : the two sides stressed that any actions aimed at undermining the territorial integrity of a sovereign country are unacceptable .
the russian side reiterated that it would steadfastly pursue a one - china stance .
the chinese side voiced support for the russian government 's fight against terrorism in chechnya .
during the visit , the two sides signed an agreement between the chinese and russian governments on exchanges of visits by citizens of the two countries , as well as an agreement on the mutual exemption of visas for tourist groups .
at the end of the visit , a joint communique on foreign minister tang jiaxuan 's visit to russia was issued .
on the frequent high - level meetings between china and russia , zhu bangzao said : the strategic cooperative partnership that is continuing to develop between china and russia is based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence and the universally recognized norms of international law ; it is a new type of state - to - state relationship that is characterized by non - alignment and non - confrontation and is not targeted at a $number country .
in closing , the spokesman said : china believes that deputy prime minister ilya klebanov 's visit to china will play a positive role in boosting the strategic cooperative partnership between the two countries .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - a full - length serial television documentary titled " chinese armed forces , " which systematically shows the comprehensive building and powerful combat capability of the chinese armed forces for $number time over the last $number years since new china was founded , is to be broadcast in the program four of the cctv station as of $date .
with the invigoration of army training with science and technology as the principle line and the representational combat troops of various armed services as the carrier , the documentary shows in an all - round way and from all angles that the combat capability of the chinese armed forces under the command of $number - generation collective leadership of the cpc with jiang zemin as the core as a whole under the modern and high technology conditions have been enhanced greatly and it also fully shows that the chinese armed forces have the determination and capability to defend china 's national security and territorial integrity , safeguard national reunification , and smash all attempts to damage its sovereignty and split its territory .
in the last $number extraordinary years , the chinese armed forces have developed from a unitary land force into powerful armed forces composed of various armed services , such as the army , the navy , the air force , and $number artillery corps .
the chinese armed forces are now implementing the strategic policy of the central military commission in the new period , comprehensively pushing quality building , and continuously improving the troops ' fighting capability under the modern and high technology conditions in accordance with the five - sentence general requirements set by chairman jiang zemin , namely , " be qualified politically and competent militarily and have a fine work style , strict discipline , and adequate logistic support , " on the basis of winning a local war under high technology conditions , and with the notion of " having top - notch troops and being combined and highly efficient " as the goal .
the documentary respectively introduces the development and reform , operational establishments , weapons and equipment , and combat readiness training of various types of troops , such as the group armies of the army , the destroyer unit , air unit , and marine corps of the navy , the air unit , land - to - air missile unit , and airborne unit of the air force , $number artillery corps , and the logistic support unit , as well as academies and schools of the three armed services .
it shows the wonderful , exciting , and highly appealing shots depicting the ocean - crossing long voyage of the navy 's destroyers , the go - beyond - the - limit flights of helicopters , the life of marines in isolated islands , the long - range raid and missile - firing exercises of an airborne unit , and it also shows the good image of the chinese armed forces being mighty and civilized and their high morale .
with the guidance and support of the high - level leading army organizations and relevant troops and the participation of $number army television workers , professionals , and technicians in the making of the documentary , it took two years for the china huayi audio and video enterprise company ltd . to finish shooting the documentary .
the documentary , which is composed as independent series , is characterized by vast scenes and tremendous momentum .
the training and exercise sites were all shot on the spot by the army television working personnel and therefore , the shots are really moving and have a strong visual pounding effect .
the documentary composed of $number series will be broadcast in the cctv program four at $time on $date , with each series taking $time .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the visit to china by dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , is conducive to promoting mutual understanding of the two sides .
dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , ended his visit to china and returned to the united states today .
a report says during his visit to china , he made a verbal statement saying china and the united states had an exchange of views on the taiwan issue with a substantive connotation [ shi zhi nei han $number $number $number $number ] .
at today 's news briefing held by the foreign ministry , zhu bangzao briefed reporters on admiral blair 's visit to china .
he pointed out that blair and his party are $number us high - level military delegation that has officially visited china since the embassy bombing incident in may last year .
blair and his party expressed that the united states will adhere to the " one - china " principle and relevant commitments .
zhu bangzao said this visit to china is conducive to promoting mutual understanding between the two sides .
at the invitation of the general staff headquarters of the chinese people 's liberation army , admiral blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , visited beijing and nanjing $date .
during his visit , general chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councilor , and concurrently defense minister , and general fu quanyou , member of the central military commission and chief of the general staff , separately met with him .
blair also met deputy chief of the general staff xiong guangkai and vice foreign minister wang guangya , and they extensively exchanged views on international and regional security , sino - us bilateral relations , and other issues .
blair also visited relevant military units . on $date , vice foreign minister wang guangya met blair and his party . during the meeting , the two sides exchanged views on sino - us relations and other issues of common concern .
wang guangya mainly elaborated to the us side china 's solemn and just stand on the taiwan issue and urged the us side to earnestly carry out the three sino - us joint communiques , especially the provisions of the $date communique , stop selling advanced arms to taiwan , and stop all words and deeds of interfering in china 's internal affairs and damaging china 's interests .
blair said that the policy of the us government remains to be adherence to the " one - china " principle .
the united states is willing to scrupulously abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and the " three noes " commitments .
the chinese delegation led by long yongtu , chief negotiator of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and the eu delegation led by baseler , eu director general of trade , held bilateral consultations on $date .
zhe bangzao said : after the consultations were over , long yongtu indicated that the negotiation positions of china and the eu are already very close after two rounds of consultations - - $number in brussels in $date and $number in beijing this time .
the chinese side holds the view that conditions are already ripe for the two sides to conduct ministerial talks .
the spokesman indicated that shi guangsheng , chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , welcomes eu trade commissioner lamy to visit china , in order to eventually conclude sino - eu negotiations on china 's entry to the wto .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] ceremoniously opened in beijing today .
this is an important meeting held at the turn of the century , shouldering a special mission and having a very unusual meaning .
let us extend warm greetings to the cppcc committee members who are charged with important tasks and have come from all parts of the country .
the cppcc has traversed the glorious course of $number years .
the history of new china 's development and growth is the history in which the system of multi - party cooperation and political consultation is upheld under the leadership of the communist party of china [ cpc ] , and the people throughout china get united against hard times .
it was precisely in this historical process that the cpc formed the cppcc by integrating the united front theories of marxism and leninism with china 's specific practice . it is a great creation and the fruit of long - term unity and struggle by the cpc along with all democratic parties , mass organizations , and the patriotic personages of all ethnic groups and all walks of life .
for half a century , the cppcc has played an irreplaceable role in the country 's political , economic and social lives and has accumulated rich and valuable experiences .
at the $number anniversary marking the founding of the cppcc last year , comrade jiang zemin scientifically summarized and spoke highly of the cppcc 's basic experiences gained over half of the century and pointed out profoundly : " the unusual course of development of the cppcc over the past $number years can be summarized into two major subjects , namely , unity and democracy .
exercising unity and democracy under the leadership of the cpc is the concentrated expression of the nature of the cppcc , the historical basis for electing and developing the cppcc , and the orientation of the cppcc for breaking new ground for the future and for carrying out its missions . "
this has chartered a new orientation and put forward policies and principles for successfully carrying out the cppcc work in the new century .
last year marked a very unusual year in our country 's history of development .
during the grand celebrations marking the $number anniversary of the founding of new china , the brilliant achievements of more than half a century , particularly since the $number years of reform and opening up , were reviewed . the return of macao indicated that the colonial rule in china was thoroughly ended , and the chinese nation achieved great progress in fulfilling its great cause of the reunification of the motherland . reform , opening up , and the socialist modernization drive advanced continuously , the overall national strength was enhanced to a further extent , and the people 's livelihood further improved .
at the same time , we won great victories in launching three political struggles to strongly protest against the us - led nato 's brutal act of bombing our embassy in yugoslavia , sternly criticized the " two - state theory " of lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] which aimed at splitting the motherland , and strictly handled the " falun gong " cult organizations . thus , we succeeded in safeguarding the state sovereignty and dignity , the unification of the motherland , as well as social and political stability , and creating good social and political environment for concentrating our energies on carrying out economic construction .
in these activities , the cppcc firmly grasped the two tasks of unity and democracy and made major contributions to closely working around the central tasks , serving the overall situation and discussing national affairs .
this year marks the last year for fulfilling the " $number five - year plan , " realizing the goal of reforming state - owned enterprises and helping them shake off poverty , and accomplishing the task of supporting the poor and helping them tackle difficult problems ; it also marks an important year for formulating the " $number five - year plan , " greeting the new century and challenges , and implementing the strategy of sustainable development .
the targets for this year are grand and the tasks arduous . at this historical juncture where the old century is replaced by the new and the old millennium is changed into the new millennium , all countries in the world are making plans for themselves .
to strive for a more favorable position and realize the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation in this new century , we need to exert greater efforts , and the cppcc need to hold higher the banner of unity and democracy , and play a greater role .
the unity of the cppcc is the unity under one great common goal , the unity which embodies the principles of persisting in seeking common ground while keeping differences , and showing understanding and sympathy for and accommodating others .
it is necessary to vigorously promote the great unity among the people of all ethnic groups in the mainland on the basis of building socialism with chinese characteristics , the great unity among the compatriots in the mainland , compatriots in hong kong and macao , and taiwan compatriots on the basis of supporting the complete reunification of the motherland , and the great unity among all chinese people at home and overseas on the basis of promoting the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
the democracy of the cppcc is one with consultations , discussions , offering of suggestions and plans , and democratic supervision as the main content .
through extensively promote democracy , and fully mobilize the enthusiasm of all parties , mass organizations , and the people of all ethnic groups and all walks of life in building socialism with chinese characteristics ; the cppcc should play a positive role in the formulation and implementation of the party and government 's policy decisions .
it is necessary to explore effective ways for strengthening the building of socialist democracy under the new situation , and further establish and improve a standard , orderly and effective democratic supervision mechanism .
the cppcc is an organization of the chinese people 's patriotic united front , with the most extensive representation organizationally and the greatest accommodation politically . it is an important organization for realizing the political system of multi - party cooperation and political consultations under the leadership of the cpc , as well as an important form of socialist democratic politics which conforms with the chinese national conditions and serves the fundamental interests of the people .
upholding and unceasingly improving this democratic form is the inevitable demand and important content of developing socialist democratic politics and building socialism with chinese characteristics .
we are convinced that during this year , under the leadership of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core , and guided by deng xiaoping theory , the cppcc will continue to hold high the banner of unity and democracy , fully exercise its functions in political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation and discussion in state affairs , work hard and make great efforts to build a strong country together with the people throughout the country and make contributions to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
wishing the session a complete success !
jiang zemin says that china pays close attention to us words , deeds president jiang zemin said at a meeting today with former us president bush that : certain most recent us words and deeds on the taiwan matter have forced china to pay close attention .
china hopes that the united states will deal with the taiwan matter appropriately , to prevent another setback in china - us relations .
meanwhile , he stressed that the position of the chinese government on the taiwan matter is consistent .
at the meeting , jiang zemin praised bush for his longstanding active efforts to improve china - us relations .
he gave a brief review of china - us relations in the past year : $date , while our bilateral relations experienced much trial and tribulation , during the $date apec meeting , both sides reached a consensus on continuing to build a constructive strategic partnership .
and in $date , both countries signed a bilateral agreement on china 's wto membership , which effectively promoted improvement and development in china - us relations .
president jiang said that : china - us relations have been hard to come by , being the result of the joint efforts of both sides , as well as two - plus decades of joint efforts by both us parties and successive us administrations .
china hopes in the new century to keep china - us relations developing steadily and soundly , the key to which is for both sides to act in the common interests of the peoples of both countries , to really see and deal with china - us relations from a strategic perspective .
china wants intensified engagement with the leaders of both us parties and american figures from all walks of life , in a joint effort to improve and develop bilateral relations . bush said that he was very happy to have the opportunity to visit china again , and gave a short briefing on the domestic election campaign in the united states .
bush said that he firmly supports china 's wto membership and giving china permanent normal trading relations [ pntr ] .
this is in line with the interests of both the united states and china .
and he said that he will continue to make unremitting efforts to develop us - china relations .
he gave a short briefing on the " smile train " action sponsored by us ca computer corporation president mr. wang chia - lien [ $number $number $number ] that he came to china to take part in .
the " smile train " has cooperated with the chinese benevolent association $date , having done successful operations on $number chinese children suffering from labio - dental rifts or harelips .
bush and his retinue came to visit china at the invitation of the china people 's overseas friendship association .
officials such as overseas friendship association president qi huaiyuan and central foreign affairs office director liu huaqiu attended the meeting .
the release of president jiang zemin 's " speech on education issues " evoked a strong echo among the whole party and the whole society especially the educational circles .
in order to deepen studying and carrying out the spirit of president jiang zemin 's important speech , the ministry of publicity , ministry of education and beijing municipal party committee jointly held " a public lecture on studying and carrying out comrade jiang zemin 's speech on education issues " today in the great hall of the people . a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , vice - premier li lanqing attended the meeting and made a report entitled " strengthen and improve education , create a new situation of paying attention to youngster 's healthy growth among the whole society " .
comrade jiang zemin 's important speech from the height of the rise and decline of the nation 's fortunes and national rejuvenation expounds the great significance of paying attention to education and youngster 's ideological work , li lanqing said in his report .
president jiang zemin 's important speech not just merely targets specific chance occurrence but makes deep - going analysis on educational work from a strategically advantageous position and with great foresight on the basis of scientific analysis on international situation and the opportunities and challenges .
the speech profoundly points out the existing problems and weak links in educational work , reflects comrade jiang zemin 's great concern and care about education . not only the speech has realistic guiding significance on carrying out the party 's educational policy in an all - round way and carrying forward our country 's education reform and development , but also will create profound historical influence .
we should take seriously studying and all - round carrying out comrade jiang zemin 's important speech as a turning point to launch widespread and profound studies and discussions among the party committees and governments at all levels and all related departments especially education departments as well as all social related parties . we should deepen our understandings , unify the thinking and lay a good ideological foundation in order to carry out quality education , strengthen and promote educational work , and create a new situation of paying attention to the healthy growth of youths among the whole society .
part two : practically strengthen and promote educational work . part three : its imperative to attach importance to and promote family - based education . part four : pay attention to the healthy growth of youths among the whole society . part five : party committees and governments at all levels should strengthen leadership to educational work .
education minister chen zhili presided over today 's meeting .
the meeting was attended by vice minister of ministry of publicity standing committee li yunshan , deputy secretary - general of the state council xu rongkai , deputy secretary of beijing municipal party committee li zhijian and responsible officials from related departments such as commission of politics and law of the cpc central committee , ministry of public security , ministry of justice , ministry of personnel , ministry of culture , state administration of radio , film and television , the press and publications administration , chinese academy of social sciences , all china federation of trade unions , communist youth league central committee and all - china women 's federation .
responsible officials from districts and counties and related departments under beijing municipality and tianjing municipality and $number representatives of secretaries , schoolmasters and teachers from some colleges , high schools and primary schools joined the meeting .
beijing , $date (zts) - - at the chinese government 's invitation , russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov is paying an official visit to china beginning today until $date .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao expressed the belief that the russian deputy prime minister 's current visit would play a positive role in boosting the strategic cooperative partnership between china and russia .
at today 's news conference , zhu bangzao said : during klebanov 's visit , chinese leaders will meet with him . state councilor wu yi will hold talks with him , during which the two sides will have a comprehensive discussion of cooperation between their countries in various fields .
he said : china and russia now frequently exchange high - level visits . after concluding his visit to russia , foreign minister tang jiaxuan returned to beijing this morning . at the same time , the russian deputy prime minister is visiting china . this shows that relations between the two countries are very good and that the strategic cooperative partnership between china and russia is continuing to develop .
zhu bangzao said : during tang jiaxuan 's visit to russia , the two sides reaffirmed that another sino - russian summit meeting would be held this year and that serious preparations would be made for the chinese premier and the russian prime minister to hold regular meetings .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - state president jiang zemin met with former us president george bush and his wife barbara bush at zhongnanhai this afternoon .
jiang zemin expressed welcome to bush and his party 's revisiting china and expressed appreciation to bush for his energetic efforts for sino - us relations over a long time .
jiang zemin briefly reviewed sino - us relations in the past year .
he said that although sino - us relations experienced relative big twists and turns last year , the two sides reached consensus on continuing to work for the establishment of the constructive strategic partnership while the meeting of the asia - pacific economic cooperation was in session in $date .
in $date , china and the united states again signed a bilateral agreement on china 's accession to the world trade organization , which has promoted the improvement and development of sino - us relations .
jiang zemin said that the development of sino - us relations today has not come easily . it is the outcome of the joint efforts of china and the united states in the past $number years and more and is also the outcome of the joint efforts of the two us parties and the successive us governments .
we hope that in the new century , sino - us relations will maintain a steady and healthy development . what is crucial is that both sides should proceed from the common interests of the people of the two countries , and really look at and deal with sino - us relations in a strategic light .
he said we are willing to strengthen contacts with the leaders of the two us parties and people of various circles in order to make joint efforts to improve and develop the relations between the two countries .
on the taiwan issue , jiang zemin said that recently , some words and deeds of the united states cannot but cause our serious concern [ yan zhong guan qie $number $number $number $number ] .
we hope the united states will properly deal with the taiwan issue and avoid setbacks in sino - us relations again .
jiang zemin emphasized that the central government 's policy on the taiwan issue has been consistent .
bush said that he is very happy to have the opportunity to visit china again .
he briefed jiang zemin on the general election in the united states .
bush said he firmly supports china 's accession to the world trade organization and supports granting permanent normal trade status to china because they conform with the interests of both the united states and china .
he said he will continue to make unremitting efforts to develop us - china relations .
bush also gave a brief account of his coming to china to take part in the " smiling train " activities sponsored by president wang chia - lien of the us ca computer corporation .
since its cooperation with the china charity council beginning last year , the " smiling train " has successfully carried out operations for $number chinese children with harelips .
bush and his party came to visit china at the invitation of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries .
president qi huaiyuan of the association and liu huaqiu , director of the central foreign affairs office , were present at the meeting .
state councilor wu yi today [ $date ] held talks with russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov in beijing amid a friendly and realistic atmosphere on how to further promote all - around cooperation in various fields between china and russia . the two sides exchanged opinions in an extensive and deep - going manner .
wu yi said : in recent years , with the direct efforts of leaders of the two countries , relations between china and russia have maintained a steady , healthy and satisfactory trend . the level of strategic cooperation has been raised steadily with notable results .
since the summit meeting and $number scheduled meeting between premiers of the two countries last year , both sides have made progress in the implementation of various agreements .
she said : under the current international situation , the constant development of strategic partnership of cooperation and the strengthening of cooperation in various fields between the two countries will be of great significance .
she believed that so long as the two sides adhere to the principle of mutual trust and mutual benefit , change thinking and concepts and adapt themselves to the market situation , cooperation between the two countries can certainly be further developed .
klebanov pointed out that russia has attached great importance to cooperation with china and feels satisfied with the progress in recent years .
he said : in order to continue and maintain the current good trend of bilateral cooperation , both sides should adopt measures to further develop all - round cooperation in economic affairs and trade , science and technology , energy resources , nuclear power , transportation and other fields so as to strengthen and enrich the contents of strategic partnership of cooperation between the two countries .
wu yi introduced china 's strategy to vigorously develop the western region and noted that as china 's neighboring country russia has the geographical advantage in cooperation .
she said the chinese side welcomes russia to take part in the development of china 's western region .
klebanov pointed out that russia is very mush interested in taking part in the massive development project of china 's western region and will do its best to cooperate with china for this purpose . the two sides also held discussions on certain specific cooperation projects and agreed that $number scheduled talks between premiers of the two countries will be held in beijing in mid $number .
prior to the meeting , the two sides will hold talks on setting up a committee and branch committees for the scheduled meeting .
the two sides agreed that a banking cooperation subcommittee and an aerospace cooperation subcommittee would be set up under the committee for the scheduled meeting .
ilya klebanov arrived in beijing today for a formal visit at the invitation of the chinese government .
beijing , $date (zts) - - during a meeting with dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command on $date , chinese vice foreign minister wang guangya elaborated china 's solemn and just stand on the taiwan issue and urged the united states to earnestly carry out the three sino - us joint communiques , especially the provisions of the " $date communique , " stop selling advanced arms to taiwan , and stop all words and deeds of interfering in china 's internal affairs and damaging china 's interests .
blair reaffirmed that the us policy remains to be adherence to the one - china principle and the united states is willing to scrupulously abide by the three communiques .
this was disclosed by chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao at today 's regular press conference .
zhu bangzao said that at the invitation of the general staff headquarters of the chinese people 's liberation army , blair visited beijing and nanjing $date .
central military commission vice chairman chi haotian and chief of the general staff fu quanyou separately met with him . deputy chief of the general staff xiong guangkai and vice foreign minister wang guangya also met him and they exchanged views on international and regional security and sino - us relations .
zhu bangzao said blair 's visit is $number official visit to china by a us military delegation since the " embassy bombing " in may last year , and the visit is conducive to promoting mutual understanding of the two sides . zhu bangzao mainly gave an account on the meeting between vice foreign minister wang guangya and blair .
speaking about the military meeting between the united states and taiwan to be held in washington in $date , zhu bangzao emphasized that the taiwan issue is china 's internal affair and the united states should not interfere in it . the chinese government is opposed to us arms sales to taiwan and has on many occasions explicitly opposed us moves to provide taiwan with any theater missile defense system and relevant technical equipment . this stand is firm and unshakable .
on the taiwan issue , the united states has made solemn commitments to china and it should win the trust of the chinese people and the international community with action and do more things beneficial to the peace and stability of the taiwan strait region .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - renmin ribao $date commentator 's article : assigning great importance and earnestly practicing what we advocate - - on developing the " three stresses " at the county ( city ) level in a thorough and down - to - earth manner while the " three stresses " education will soon be comprehensively launched in counties ( cities ) across the country , the members of the standing committee of the central political bureau , responding to a proposal made by comrade jiang zemin , have separately visited seven counties ( cities ) recently , conducted a thorough investigation and study on local " three stresses , " held discussion with grassroots cadres , and directly mobilized the leading cadres of those counties ( cities ) .
their visit has not only greatly inspired and educated local cadres and people , but also evoked warm repercussions among all the party members and the broad masses of the people .
to make the members of the central political bureau standing committee directly handle the " three stresses " work in counties ( cities ) was an important measure taken by the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core to concentrate its attention on party building .
it was $number time in the history of our party building that all the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee , led by the party 's general secretary , visited and stayed in some counties ( cities ) for a period of time and directly handled the party building there .
the direct handling of the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) by the members of the central political bureau standing committee fully shows the high degree of importance attached by the central authorities to the " three stresses " education and particularly to the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) .
since the start of the " three stresses " education , the members of the central political bureau standing committee have paid great attention to it , made meticulous arrangements for it , heard a number of reports about it , studied relevant measures and provided timely guidance for it .
as the spring festival has just ended and the " two sessions [ the sessions of the national people 's congress and the chinese people 's political consultation conference ] " will begin soon , the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee have been very busy , but they still spent a comparatively long time on visiting those counties ( cities ) and of handling the " three stresses " there . this fact shows that the central committee is indeed treating the " three stresses " education as a matter of paramount importance among all the important party building tasks .
we must thoroughly study the important speech delivered by comrade jiang zemin at the meeting of the leading cadres of gaozhou city , guangdong province , on the " three stresses " education . we must fully understand the important role of counties ( cities ) in party and state affairs , fully understand the particular importance and necessity of the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , enhance our sense of political responsibility and sense of urgency in doing a good job in the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , and strive to make the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) a success .
in attaching a high degree of importance to the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , the emphasis should be put on practice and action .
in this regard , the members of the central political bureau standing committee have already set an example for us .
to have a say in guiding the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee held discussion with grassroots cadres and veteran comrades , visited the masses , seriously listened to the opinions and voices of all quarters , exchanged views on and explored effective measures , familiarized themselves with what was going on among the people , and obtained $number - hand information .
during the course of handling the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee have taken the lead in doing a thoroughgoing and painstaking ideological and political work .
to deal with the party character and party style problems among some county ( city ) leading cadres , the members of the central political bureau standing committee sternly pointed out and seriously criticized the problems and set strict demands for those leading cadres ; and at the same time , they enthusiastically gave those cadres systematic guidance to help the latter correct the problems . as a result , the comrades of those counties ( cities ) , with feelings of deep remorse , have realized the existence and harms of the problems . they have also keenly felt the concern , care and earnest hopes of the party central committee for county ( city ) cadres , and have raised their awareness and sense of urgency with respect to their own " three stresses . "
we must learn from the pragmatic work style displayed by the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee , practice what we advocate , work hard in practice , actively explore the experience and law of the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) and constantly improve our work quality and standard .
we should resolutely oppose the bad work style of merely writing about or talking about attaching importance , or acting in a perfunctory manner .
counties ( cities ) , being a link between the higher levels and the people , have direct contact with the broad masses and their environment , conditions and existing problems have their own local characteristics .
to make the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) a success and truly solve their existing conspicuous problems , we must do as the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee did [ original xinhua version reads " follow the example of the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee " ] , go down to counties ( cities ) , go deep into the realities of life , conduct investigation and study , boldly practice , create experience and gain the initiative in work .
the strength of good example is infinitely great .
following the example of the members of the central political bureau standing committee , the comrades of many provincial , autonomous regional , municipal and prefecture ( city ) party committees have , one after another , also gone to counties ( cities ) to directly handle the " three stresses " there . the comrades in counties ( cities ) have greatly raised their awareness of the need in promoting the " three stresses , " all preparations for the " three stresses " work are being stepped up , and a very good momentum of the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) has emerged .
we must work in accordance with the party central committee 's demand , take advantage of the favorable situation to make progress , and do a good job in arranging , organizing and carrying out the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) .
this was $number press conference held by tian zengpei , news spokesman of $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , at the great hall of the people this afternoon .
" i would like to answer reporters ' questions concerning the current cppcc session , " said tian zengpei with smile , after reading out the briefing message .
a hand was raised high .
" what valuable opinions and proposals have been offered by the cppcc national committee since last year ?
how have these opinions and proposals been adopted ? "
a radio station reporter asked $number .
" the cppcc national committee has done a lot of work in participating in and discussing government affairs since last year . tomorrow 's report on the work of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee will brief you on the situation in this aspect . here i want to take two instances . "
tian zengpei replied calmly : " last year the cppcc national committee held an ad hoc standing committee meeting to discuss the issue of environment and development .
then , it worked out the " proposals on several issues of china 's environmental protection , " after summarizing the opinions of its standing committee members and the results of the investigations and studies conducted by its special committees .
these proposals have attracted high attention of central leading comrades and departments concerned .
meanwhile , after conducting extensive investigations and studies , the economic committee under the cppcc national committee provided the cpc central committee and the state council with the " several proposals for establishing the modern enterprise system among large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises " and the " proposals on conducting strategic readjustment of the state - owned economic layout . " these proposals have become the major data $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee has used for reference to study the questions concerning reform and development of state - owned enterprises . "
raising motions is a major method for cppcc members to perform their functions .
the method of resuming the motions work report at the opening ceremony of this year 's cppcc session has aroused great interest from reporters .
a newspaper reporter in beijing asked tian zengpei to explain the reason .
tian zengpei said : " the method of making a motions work report at the opening ceremony of the cppcc session was initiated at $number session of $number cppcc national committee , and adopted until $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
$number standing committee meeting of $number cppcc national committee maintained that making the motions work report at the opening ceremony of the cppcc session would help cppcc members discuss the cppcc work and improve the motions work and would help leading comrades of various departments attach importance to this work and further promote the handling and implementation of motions .
therefore , the current session will resume the method of making the motions work report at the opening ceremony of the cppcc session . "
as soon as tian zengpei stopped , some reporters raised their hands to ask questions .
" there is a loud voice of intensified supervision in society .
vice chairman ye xuanping emphasized in his standing committee work report last year that the democratic supervision of the cppcc should be intensified .
i would like to ask , what progress has been made in this aspect over the past year ? "
a radio station reporter asked .
" since last year , the cppcc national committee has intensified the work regarding democratic supervision . "
tian zengpei added , " considering the serious air pollution in beijing , cppcc members offered , through a variety of forms , opinions and suggestions for beijing 's environmental protection work , thereby encouraging the beijing municipal government to control air pollution with decisive measures . "
a hong kong reporter asked how the cppcc national committee played its role in building a clean and honest government .
tian zengpei answered : " the building of a clean and honest government has always been a hot issue of concern by the cppcc .
cppcc members have exploited their advantages to conduct intensive investigations and studies and have actively offered suggestions and ideas , thus playing a key role in opposing corruption and advocating administrative honesty .
for instance , cppcc members have offered many pertinent opinions and suggestions for checking the practice of making a tour with public funds , for implementing the system of economic responsibility auditing during cadres ' term of service , and for implementing the open bidding system in government purchases . "
a reporter from a newspaper agency in beijing asked : " the extensive development of western regions has already become a hot topic at the moment . how does the cppcc plan to participate in this work ? "
tian zengpei answered : " the current cppcc session has not opened yet , but the secretariat of the session has already received $number written statements on the extensive development of western regions .
during the current session , we will hold a domestic and foreign press conference for the questions concerning the extensive development of western regions . "
tian zengpei added : since the commencement of reform and opening up , the cppcc national committee , central committees of various democratic parties , and the all - china federation of industry and commerce have set forth many good opinions on ways to resolve the problems concerning water resources , communication , and afforestation in western regions .
they have also done a lot of tangible things to give intellectual aid to border areas , promote the glorious cause , and send medical service and medicine to rural areas . this year the cppcc national committee will continue to exploit its advantages to conduct intensive investigations and studies for the major topic of extensively developing western regions in order to make new contributions to promoting the reform and development of western regions .
the reunification of the motherland remains the focus of the concern of reporters .
a reporter asked : " hong kong and macao have already returned to the motherland .
what does the cppcc national committee plan to do to promote the complete reunification of the motherland ? "
tian zengpei said resolutely : " the taiwan issue cannot be put off indefinitely , and it must be resolved as early as possible .
the cppcc national committee will continue to vigorously publicize the principle of " one china , two systems " and the eight proposals of chairman jiang zemin ; will actively conduct exchanges with various parties and groups of taiwan ; will continue to enhance mutual understanding , trust , and consensus ; will exploit its advantages to strengthen the great unity among the chinese people at home and abroad ; and will struggle together for fulfilling the complete reunification of the motherland . "
although the scheduled time for the press conference passed , many reporters were still raising their hands and vying with one another to raise questions .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - upon arriving at the place they are to stay , many deputies and members attending $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] and $number session of $number chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] spoke glowingly to reporters on their understanding of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech made in the guangdong inspection tour on strengthening party building in the new period .
as long as our party thinks and acts under this guidance , our party will surely lead the people of our country to create new glory in the new century .
following is the report by reporter chen fang at the science and technology group of the cppcc . cppcc members from science and technology fields who came to attend $number session of $number cppcc , right after unloading their luggage , began to discuss on the spot general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech made at the gaungdong inspection tour .
they said that the speech 's incisive exposition on the importance of party building holds profound meaning historically and practically for our endeavor to move forward the reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
member dai ruitong told the reporter that " the tremendous changes over the $number years of reform and opening up fully prove that china 's affairs needs to be handled by the correct leadership of the cpc .
we should continue to administer our party in a strict manner so to make the organism of the party healthier and lead the people across the country to advance forward .
following is the report by reporter jiang wei at jiangxi people 's congress delegation . deputy zhou shaosen , vice chairman of the jiangxi education commission and party secretary of the nanchang university has a special feeling toward general secretary jiang zemin 's speech in guangdong . zhou shaosen said : " the speech of the general secretary expounds the situations at home and abroad from a commanding height , which reflects not only the major trend of the world 's development , but also manifests the practical need of the chinese nation 's great cause of rejuvenation and the realization of the four modernization drive .
the speech is a representative of the highest interest of the cpc as well as the fundamental interest of the broad masses of the chinese people . "
he continued : " the contemporary world is now characterized by the rapid development of high and new technology . high - technology industry is booming and the time of knowledge economy is coming .
in economic development , science and technology is the crucial point and education is the foundation .
as intellectuals working for long at the forefront of the higher education , we approach general secretary jiang zemin 's speech under the above - mentioned background , and come to the understanding that we have to focus our efforts to carry out the great strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and technology , reform in - depth the education system , speed up scientific and technological innovation , and improve the quality of the whole nationality , so we can realize the appeal of the general secretary . "
deputy li xiaoping , from the water sport school of jiangxi , was greatly inspired by general secretary jiang zemin 's speech .
he said : " general secretary jiang zemin 's speech on 'three representatives ' points out a direction for the party 's development , and expresses what the masses want to say from the bottom of their hearts .
in the cpc history $number years , the cpc has won the support of people because of doing a down - to - earth job in the " three representatives . "
at present , the international and domestic situations are undergoing profound changes , to realize a coordinated development of the economy and the society and the overall progress , the grass - roots cadres should stick to the style of working arduously and for the interest of the people , and maintain a good party image in people 's mind . "
following is the report by reporter wang huizhi from the hunan people 's congress delegation . deputy duan youlin , secretary of the general party branch of huajiahu village of nanzhuo town in hunan provinces 's nanxian county , held , in rural areas , peasants believe in a saying goes like this : " with party members taking the lead , people have the vigor for work . "
looking back at the tremendous changes that happened in the rural areas , we found they are the fruits gained through the party 's effort to lead the broad masses to implement the party 's policy . this is strong evidence proving that the cpc is the true representative for the fundamental interest of the people .
i have been working in rural areas for $number years , and thought that it has been proved by practices that as long as party members take the lead and play an exemplary role , people will follow in a creative manner , no matter it is disseminating new agriculture technologies , running enterprises , changing thoughts and concepts , or developing market economy .
now , the party is leading the people across the country into the new century , the duty to reform and development is even heavier .
as a responsible official for a grass - roots organ , i will base all the work on the interest of masses , attach importance to the interest of the party and the people , take the initiative to study , and do solid work with concentrated efforts , so i can lead the masses to advance toward more new targets .
following is the report by reporter han zhenjun at the ningxia people 's congress delegation . ma wanlin , party committee secretary of xiakou town of qingtongxia city in ningxia , who has been working at rural grassroots for $number years , said , general secretary jiang zemin recently said that " for china 's work to succeed , the key lies in our party . "
the experiences of the rural grassroots work prove this to be true .
at present , the grassroots party building in rural areas is facing some problems , such as negligence to ideological , work style , and organizational buildings . some things are stressed while some , such as party building , are ignored .
in my experiences , to achieve success in rural work , the primary thing is to have a good party committee and good party branch . this has been proved by the courses of the reform and opening up drive over the past two decades . peasants have a strong urge for development and prosperity , and , moreover , they want a strong and powerful party branch and party committee to lead them .
as long as there are good leaders placing peasants in their mind and resolving problems for peasants in a down - to - earth manner , the initiative of peasants will be mobilized , and every difficulty will be overcome . following is the report by reporter zeng huaguo from the economic group of the cppcc .
member wang chaobin , vice chairman of henan federation of industry and commerce , spoke of the grand undertaking of developing the west region . he said , " whether the grand cause of developing the west region posed by the party central committee can succeed or not lies in the strengthening of party building .
on the one hand , we should boost the training on party - member cadres to enhance their political integrity and working ability , and , on the other hand , we should expand the exchanges between cadre contingents in a bid to broaden their vision and improve their work style .
with party building strengthened and work style of cadres consolidated , we will be able to accelerate the modernization drive of the west region . "
in a meeting yesterday with former us republican president george bush , state president jiang zemin pointed out that the chinese side cannot but show grave concern over recent us statements and deeds on the taiwan issue , and that china hopes the united states will properly handle the taiwan issue to prevent sino - us relations from suffering setbacks .
meanwhile , president jiang stressed the central government 's consistent stand on the taiwan issue .
the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china .
in the three joint communiques , the us government acknowledged that there is only one china , and that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
the united states should respect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . it should not preach or support taiwan 's pursuit of separatism , nor should it create two chinas or support taiwan independence .
however , recent statements and moves by the us congress have wantonly interfered in china 's internal affairs , and this is unacceptable to the chinese people .
according to " the washington post , " some pentagon officials are spreading news that the united states will sell taiwan aegis warships equipped with an antimissile system . this attempt is tantamount to the incorporation of taiwan into the theater missile defense plan and shows that some people in the united states are attempting to include taiwan in their sphere of influence .
in recent years , the united states has constantly supplied taiwan with weapons ; this is the root of the deteriorating situation in the taiwan strait .
by providing taiwan with increasingly sophisticated weapons , the united states has completely violated the " $date communiqu , " which requires a reduction in the level of us arms sales to taiwan . this is bound to help inflate taiwan independence forces . because of us intervention , the unusual phenomenon of openly seeking reunification and secretly pursuing independence , or pursuing bogus reunification but genuine independence , or abandoning reunification to seek independence , has run rampant in taiwan , with lee teng - hui openly trotting out the " two - state theory " to indefinitely obstruct the settlement of the reunification issue through peace talks .
recently us state department spokesman james rubin openly stated : despite china 's opposition to us arms sales to taiwan , " it has been very much in the us national interest " to meet the proper defense needs of taiwan in accordance with the " taiwan relations act . "
this is an absurd formulation .
why does the united states obstruct china 's peaceful reunification and support separatist activities by means of arms sales ?
how can it be in the us national interest to push taiwan to an abyss of separatism ?
the us position has completely breached international law and the principles of the three sino - us communiques and has violated china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
after beijing released a white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " us officials have assumed a hegemonist posture . presidential spokesman lockhart said : " we refuse to accept the use of force or a threat of force in such a case . "
" $date , we made an appropriate response to what was seen as a threat . "
lockhart was referring to the dispatch of two us aircraft carriers to areas near taiwan .
if taiwan is occupied by a foreign country , or if it is separated from chinese territory under any pretext , china naturally can use force to safeguard its territorial integrity . this is a sovereign state 's right of self - defense enshrined in the united nations [ un ] charter . sovereignty tolerates no foreign interference . the action of self - defense is in line with international law .
does the united states still recognize the un charter ?
some people threatened to carry out a gunboat policy . how can the chinese people be frightened by this ?
the chinese people clearly remember that $date , the two aircraft carriers threatened to pass through the central line of the taiwan strait but immediately sailed $number nautical miles away from taiwan island after the chinese people 's liberation army issued a warning .
if a foreign country occupies puerto rico , or if puerto rico declares independence with foreign support and separates itself from the united states , will the united states use force ?
of course it will .
evidently , on the issue of international law , the united states has adopted a double standard . while attaching importance to its territorial integrity , it tramples on and has no regard for china 's territorial integrity .
so far , clinton 's position is somewhat prudent . he said that the chinese government 's white paper contains " specific suggestions " on opening cross - strait dialogue .
clinton reiterated his support for the one - china principle .
the most sensitive and crucial issue in sino - us relations is the question of taiwan .
recent statements by some us officials are detrimental to the development of sino - us relations and foment unrest across the taiwan situation .
us officials should be discreet in word and deed and put the overall interests of sino - us relations above everything else .
sino - us ties are hard - earned because they are the result of the joint efforts of the two us political parties and previous governments for the past two decades .
in the new century , the us side should handle sino - us relations from a strategic viewpoint and refrain from doing anything to sacrifice the interests of sino - us relations because of their temporary political interests in the run - up to the general elections .
china has its bottom line , however .
according to informed sources , general secretary jiang zemin 's recent southern inspection tour was a carefully orchestrated move on the part of the top chinese communist hierarchy . an important aim of this tour was to make policy preparations for the forthcoming npc and cppcc sessions , particularly to make a general mobilization for the development of the great northwestern regions . urging guangdong to " think of the source after becoming rich " jiang zemin said in guangdong that regions that had developed $number should " think of the source after becoming rich " and " think of progress after becoming rich . "
this was actually intended for the development of the great northwest .
with the implementation of the strategy for developing the western regions , the central authorities will be giving preferential treatment to these regions in policies , funding and project approval .
it has been disclosed that the central authorities will be raising $number - $number yuan each year for the development of the western regions , particularly for infrastructure facilities such as highways , railways , bridges , water conservancy projects and gas - transmission pipelines .
jiang zemin called on the coastal regions to " think of the source after becoming rich " and reminded them that they owed their economic development mainly to the policies of the cpc and the concern shown by the central authorities . he hoped that the coastal regions would understand and support the strategic decision of the central committee to develop the great northwest and would not complain .
he also hoped that the coastal regions would " think of progress after becoming rich " and embrace the idea of thinking of the whole country as a single entity by actively providing support to the western regions in terms of funding , technology , manpower , information and management and promoting their development through industrial transfer and coordination .
effects not as good as " deng 's southern inspection tour " the propaganda department of the central committee had hoped that the media would go all out to publicize jiang zemin 's southern inspection tour so that it could match the effects of deng xiaoping 's southern inspection tour $date .
however , a subsequent review by the authorities concerned shows that it has fallen short of the anticipated results .
jiang zemin raised the issue of " three representatives " during his inspection tour . this was meant to match deng xiaoping 's " three favorables , " but did not get good media publicity .
in this corner of beijing , cantonese immediately became the general language .
in the large self - service dining room , politburo member and guangdong party secretary li changchun lines up with the deputies to select food and dine .
my chat with li changchun starts with cantonese food .
while cantonese food has long since been world - famous , and though li changchun has gradually grown accustomed to and to enjoy many kinds of food , he still best likes the regular fare that his family makes .
li changchun praises the cooks in cantonese for their culinary arts , and for showing consideration to the differing tastes of southerners and northerners .
for some dozen years , li changchun has been moving from northeast to central china , and then from the central plains to the southern guangdong - guangxi region , serving in key leadership positions in the three provinces of liaoning , henan , and guangdong .
in these three completely different types of provinces , what leadership aspects has li changchun stressed ?
it is clear that li changchun is particularly sentimental about the places where he has worked .
he speaks tirelessly : liaoning is a large industrial province , where the work focus was how to guide enterprises to advance from the planned economy to the market economy , to establish modern business institutions . henan is a great sea of small - scale peasant economy , where the key was helping peasants establish a large - scale farming mentality , to raise their agricultural economic efficiency . but guangdong is an economically - developed coastal province , where the focus is promoting the building of our material and spiritual civilizations , to put it in the front ranks of the nation .
as to the blueprint for guangdong to be $number in china to essentially modernize , li changchun shows his pragmatic style , saying that : guangdong is acting in line with jiang zemin 's instructions , demanding that the special zones and the zhu jiang [ pearl river ] delta region strive to modernize $date .
while a few cities are being required to meet this goal ahead of time $date , guangdong province is absolutely not setting hard targets for all cities , even less so acting in an across - the - board manner .
we are being objective in all aspects .
li changchun praises the deputies at the recent guangdong people 's congress for fully exercising their oversight rights , and for their actions to question the environmental sector , saying that such matters have raised the public legal and environmental awareness .
the last topic in our chat is general secretary jiang zemin 's southern inspection tour of guangdong on $date , in which he affirmed guangdong 's development , while posing very high demands .
in which respect , li changchun says that all of guangdong is now conscientiously studying jiang zemin 's instructions .
while there seems to still be much to chat about , since a number of other [ npc ] deputies are waiting to chat with this reporter , i am forced to stop here .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - general zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , met with russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov here this morning .
amid a cordial and friendly atmosphere , they exchanged views on bilateral relations and international and regional security issues of common interest .
the development of sino - russian friendly relations conforms to the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries and to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and the world at large , zhang said .
thanks to the concern of the leaders of china and russia and with the concerted efforts made by the two sides , the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership of equality and trust [ ping deng xin ren de zhan lue xie zuo huo ban guan xi $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] has been further promoted and enhanced . friendly cooperation between the armed forces of the two countries also has been satisfactory .
china is fully confident that military relations between the two countries will further develop in the new century .
zhang said he firmly believed that klebanov 's current visit to china would further promote friendly cooperation between the two countries in all fields .
klebanov said that russian - chinese exchanges and cooperation in all fields and at various levels constitute an integral part of the strategic partnership .
there are bright prospects for such exchanges and cooperation because they are established on the principles of mutual respect for sovereignty , mutual trust , equality , and mutual benefit .
klebanov extended his good wishes for the in - depth development of sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership in the new situation .
cao gangchuan , member of the central military commission and director of the general armament department of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] ; liu jibin , minister in charge of the commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense ; xiong guangkai , deputy chief of the pla general staff ; and russian ambassador to china igor a. rogachev attended the meeting .
the great hall of the people , $number , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) opened at the great hall of the people at $number this afternoon .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing , and other party and state leaders sat on the rostrum and congratulated the opening of the session .
after cppcc chairman li ruihuan announced the opening of the session , all participants rose and the band played the national anthem of the people 's republic of china .
presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the agenda for the current session was $number approved at the opening session of $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
nearly $number committee members will listen to and deliberate a report on the work of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee to be made by vice chairman ye xuanping . they will listen to and deliberate a report on motion work since $number session of $number cppcc national committee to be made by vice chairman zhou tienong .
at today 's meeting , the " revised cppcc constitution ( draft ) " will also be submitted for the deliberation of the committee members .
the great hall of the people , $number , $date ( xinhua ) - - in his report at $number session of $number cppcc national committee today on the work of the standing committee of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) , vice chairman ye xuanping spoke about the guiding ideology for work and the major work of the cppcc national committee this year .
ye xuanping said the year $number is the year in which one century succeeds the other .
ye xuanping put forward that the national committee should mainly do a good job in work in the following aspects : make proposals and offer advice on major issues centering on the construction and development of the country , earnestly strengthen investigation and study into special topics , continue to do a good job in carrying out democratic supervision , strive to enhance unity and safeguard social stability , energetically promote the great cause of the motherland 's reunification , and give full play to the important role of people 's political consultation in friendly contacts with foreign countries .
education on our military 's fundamental functions is gradually launched in the entire military and armed police troops .
this is an important measure to deeply implement the military 's strategic principles for the new period .
doing well in the education of our military 's fundamental functions is an important and regular task in our troops ' ideological and political work . at the turn of the century , the general international situation continues to develop toward mitigation .
hegemonism is increasingly becoming the major source of turbulence and insecurity . activities of separating our motherland by forces aiming at taiwan 's independence are more and more becoming a serious internal problem for our country 's security . we need to further strengthen the senses of concern and prevention in the rank and file . to meet the challenges of the world 's military development and to win under the condition of high technology local wars which may happen in the future , we need to further strengthen the rank and file 's sense of being part of the fighting troops .
deeply conducting the education of our military 's fundamental functions in the new situation is significant for promoting the continuous development of the movement of training soldiers with science and technology , to preparing well for military fighting and to pushing forward the construction of troop quality .
units at all levels must highly emphasize and truly do well in the education .
we must set the goal of the education on helping the rank and file establish a firm sense of function .
solidifying our national defense , protecting our motherland and ensuring that the people can work in a peaceful situation are sacred missions entrusted by the constitution .
the $number characters that form the word " function " are supremely important .
only after we have each member of the rank and file keep in mind the missions of our military can they prepare well for military fighting on their own initiatives , can they stop or delay the eruption of wars and can they have absolute confidence in winning decisive wars once wars break out .
we must lead the rank and file to keep in mind the country 's security and danger as well as the unification of the motherland and to treat " winning wars " as their own task from beginning to end . we must encourage the rank and file to scrupulously abide by their duties , love the army , practice military skills and treat practicing and planning for " winning wars " as their prime responsibility from beginning to end . we must help the rank and file establish the thought of " although the world is peaceful now , the situation will become dangerous if we forget to prepare for war . " no matter whether the international situation is complex and severe or developing toward mitigation , the rank and file must maintain a clear understanding and stay on guard with a high degree of readiness .
in general , we must truly instill the sense of fulfilling the military 's fundamental functions into the thoughts of the rank and file and let the sense take root in the work of our troops .
we must conscientiously investigate well and understand the thoughts of the rank and file . we must conduct education by targeting problems in the minds of the rank and file .
we must closely focus on issues such as establishing the thought of unremittingly preparing for war in ordinary times , intensifying the sense of " winning wars " and strengthening the sense of urgency to improve soldiers ' comprehensive quality . we must organize the rank and file to conscientiously study the important statements on the international strategic situation and on preparation for military fighting made by the party 's three generations of core leaders so that they can master sharp ideological weapons . we must understand the characteristics of high - tech wars and modern military knowledge . we must widen our field of vision and avoid having blind spots in our understanding .
we must comprehensively launch activities in discussion , differentiation and analysis . we must let everyone raise questions and seek answers and let the masses form correct understandings through self - education . we must consider the actual situation of the environments where various troops are stationed and of various troops ' tasks and strive to let our education conform to the ideological reality of the rank and file .
this education must be closely linked to the reality of preparing for military fighting and of training soldiers with science and technology .
our experience shows that strengthening soldiers ' sense of function relies on the infiltration of basic theories and on guidance from their everyday experience .
the rank and file 's thought of unremittingly preparing for wars in ordinary times need to be established in the process of preparing for military fighting . the rank and file 's strong sense of " winning wars " needs to be established through exploring ways to defeat enemies and win wars . the rank and file 's urgent hope to improve their quality of fulfilling their functions needs to be stimulated in the movement of training soldiers with science and technology .
we must let this education take root in our related work and troop construction . we must fully make use of the achievements in preparing for military fighting and in training soldiers with science and technology to educate troops and to enrich and deepen the content in the education of the military 's fundamental functions .
we must guide the broad masses of rank and file to transform their enthusiasm aroused from the education into their real activities of urgently preparing well for military fighting and of promoting the quality construction of troops . they must be ready to complete all fighting tasks entrusted by the party central committee and the state central military commission at any time . they must resolutely uphold the country 's sovereignty , unification and territorial integrity and provide firm and strong security assurance for reform , opening up and the construction of socialist modernization .
a few days ago the state administration for import and export commodities inspection and quarantine [ saieciq ] - - together with the state intellectual property office , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , the general administration of customs [ gac ] , and the state administration of industry and commerce [ saic ] - - issued a circular urging the import and export commodities inspection and quarantine bureaus , coordinative institutions for intellectual property rights , patent administration bureaus , committees ( departments ) for foreign trade and economic cooperation , customs departments directly under the gac , and industrial and commercial administration bureaus at all localities to earnestly launch activities specially for dealing severe blows to the unlawful practices of counterfeiting the ul mark .
the ul mark is a safety identification mark generally recognized in the united states and the north american region .
labeling a product with this mark , which is tantamount to giving it a safety and quality credit card , makes it readily accepted by consumers .
therefore , the ul mark is a pass for the entry of relevant products ( particularly electromechanical products ) into the us and north american markets .
the saic trademark bureau had examined and approved the registration of the ul mark as a certification trademark , which bears an exclusive right of trademark use according to the law .
the intensification of efforts to crack down on the unlawful practices of counterfeiting the ul mark is aimed at upholding the prestige of chinese export products , promoting foreign trade and exports , and safeguarding national interests . it is also a positive action in coordination with our wto negotiating efforts .
practices in violation of the exclusive right of using the certification trademark of " ul " include the unauthorized use of a trademark identical with or similar to the registered trademark of " ul " on an identical or similar product ; the sale of a product unmistakably known or should have been known to be violating the exclusive right of using the registered trademark of " ul ; " the illegal printing , making , sale , or purchase of a label bearing the registered trademark of " ul ; " the purposeful provision of such facilities as storage , transportation , mailing , and concealment for practices in violation of the exclusive right of using the registered trademark of " ul ; " and other practices that jeopardize the exclusive right of using the registered trademark of " ul . "
this round of activities jointly launched by the saieciq and the other four departments to crack down on the counterfeiting of the ul mark will last a half year .
the saieciq and the other four departments have now started dividing the work among themselves based on their respective duties and carrying out work to crack down on the counterfeiting practices according to the plan of implementation .
because the ul mark has a peculiar function , some units in the country began counterfeiting it $date , giving rise to a stream of such counterfeiting cases .
the emergence of low - quality bogus products has adversely affected the prestige of chinese export products and violated the legitimate rights and interests of $number ul - registered enterprises in the country .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - to intensify land management in china , the ministry of supervision and the ministry of land and natural resources recently promulgated a method of punishment that specifically targets government officials who violate land management stipulations .
this was $number inisterial decree signed by tian fengshan , the newly appointed minister of land and natural resources .
according to information , the enforcement of the punishment method will ensure that china will se the most stringent measures in the world to manage land .
sun wensheng , vice minister of land and natural resources , said : the new land management law explicitly stipulates that state workers who commit acts that violate land law in purchases and sales , or by using other means to illegally transfer land , illegally occupy land , and illegally approve land , will be given disciplinary sanctions .
according to information , there has been an upward trend in the suspected involvement of government functionaries in land - related law violation .
some grass - roots governments and leading cadres who are eager for quick success and instant benefits , have not hesitated to act against the law in order to score achievements in their official careers .
however , because in the past there was no clear - cut and specific standard for punishments , many government functionaries who should have received punishment were not punished , and land - related law violation continued to occur despite repeated efforts to stop it .
zhang xinbao , deputy director of the law enforcement and supervision bureau under the ministry of land and natural resources , said : $date , $number percent of the total reports received by the law enforcement and supervision bureau were about government officials who violated the land law .
more than $number percent of these lawbreaking cases that involved government officials could not be processed .
zhang xinbao said : in the past , fines and confiscation were the forms of punishments used for land - related law violation acts .
according to the newly promulgated method of punishment , such disciplinary sanctions as demotion , removal from office , and discharge from employment will be applied to government officials according to the seriousness of their cases .
according to information , land was extensively utilized in china for more than a decade , and a lot of cultivated land was occupied .
one of the important factors that contributed to the sharp reduction in cultivated land was local governments and cadres from land management departments who wantonly approved land , and some units and individuals who indiscriminately occupied land .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at the opening session of $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) , cppcc vice chairman ye xuanping said that in the new year , the cppcc will consolidate and develop the patriotic united front and energetically promote the realization of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
ye xuanping said that in the past year , the cppcc national committee has strengthened ties with personalities in various circles in taiwan , made extensive contacts with people of the industrial and commercial circles there , and tried in all possible ways to solve problems and do solid work for taiwan businessmen . besides , it has also severely repudiated the " two - state theory " dished out by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] and strongly condemned the taiwan authorities ' acts of trying in vain to split up the motherland .
he said that the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland marked important progress made in the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
the sacred mission of settling the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland has become more outstanding before all the people of the country , including the taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese .
ye xuanping pointed out that various parties , organizations and representatives of various circles of all ethnic groups taking part in the cppcc full agree to and support the principles in the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " expounded by the state council taiwan affairs office and the state council information office , resolutely oppose all kinds of splittist activities conducted by the splittist forces in tawan represented by lee teng - hui , and resolutely support the solemn and just stand of , and all measures adopted by , the chinese government in promoting the motherland 's reunification and safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
ye xuanping said that the cppcc national committee will continue to make great efforts to publicize the " one - china " principle and the eight - point proposal on developing cross - strait relations and promoting the progress of the motherland 's peaceful reunification put forward by president jiang zemin , and on the basis of the one - china principle , develop contacts and exchanges with various parties , organizations and personalities in taiwan in order to enhance understanding , trust and consensus .
consolidating unity and stability , developing the united front , promoting unity among the people on the mainland on the basis of building socialism with chinese characteristics , promoting unity among the mainland compatriots , the hong kong and macao compatriots , and the taiwan compatriots on the basis of supporting the motherland 's reunification , and promoting unity among all chinese on the basis of realizing the great revitalization of the chinese nation are a basic duty and important task of the cppcc .
ye xuanping said that in future , the cppcc national committee will continue to maintain close ties with people in various circles in hong kong and macao , give better play to the role of the committee members in hong kong and macao , and strive to safeguard the long - term stability and prosperity in hong kong and macao .
it is necessary to seriously study and energetically explore new ways and methods for properly carrying out overseas solidarity work in the new situation and further promote great unity among the chinese at home and abroad .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - state council premier zhu rongji met with russian deputy premier ilya iosifovich klebanov at the great hall of the people this morning .
zhu rongji said that klebanov 's visit to china this time has given expression to acting president and concurrently premier vladimir vladimirovich putin 's great importance attached to sino - russian relations .
he asked klebanov to convey his cordial regards and good wishes to acting president and concurrently premier putin .
klebanov conveyed putin 's regards to zhu rongji .
he said that the purpose of his visit to china is to promote the continuous development of cooperation in various fields between the two countries .
he said that acting president and concurrently premier putin said on many occasions that russia resolutely stands for the establishment of a multi - polar world externally and the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity internally .
the development of strategic cooperative partnership between russia and china completely conforms to the fundamental interests of the two countries .
russia is willing to strengthen close cooperation with china in the political , economic and international fields .
this year , the heads of state of china and russia will hold a meeting and the premiers of the two countries will also hold $number regular meeting .
we should comprehensively and seriously make preparation for such meetings now .
both sides should adopt measures to earnestly strengthen the material basis for relations between the two countries .
zhu rongji expressed agreement to klebanov 's viewpoints .
he said that the establishment and development of the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership conforms to the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries , and will produce an important positive impact on maintaining global strategic stability and promoting peace and development of the world .
he said that during his visit to russia in $date last year , $number regular meeting between the premiers of the two countries was held and a series of consensus on deepening and expanding cooperation between the two countries in economy , trade and high technology were reached .
in the past year since then , both sides have made considerable progress in implementing these agreements .
china agrees to comprehensively develop cooperation with russia in various fields and hopes to constantly deepen and expand cooperation between the two countries in various fields through the joint efforts of the two sides , on the basis of necessity and possibility , and in the spirit of mutual understanding and mutual trust .
he emphasized that china thanks russia for its support to china 's principled stand on the taiwan issue and china will also unswervingly support russia 's efforts to safeguard national unification .
state councilor wu yi and state development planning commission minister zeng peiyan also attended the meeting .
prior to the meeting , wu yi and klebanov signed " minutes of talks " and officials responsible for relevant departments of the governments of the two countries signed an exchange of notes on russia 's providing nuclear fuel for china 's tianwan nuclear power station .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - according to reporters ' recent reports from jiangsu province 's zhangjiagang city , hebei province 's fengnan city , zhejiang province 's yuhang city , sichuan province 's shifang city , liaoning province 's beining city and shaanxi province 's jingyang county : strong repercussions have been evoked in these localities since li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing and li lanqing , members of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , conducted investigation and study and delivered " three stresses " education mobilization speeches there .
during study and discussion , these localities generally said that the speech made by general secretary jiang zemin at guangdong 's gaozhou city and the speeches delivered by the six standing committee members of the central political bureau in these six localities are profound , rich and realistic in content , out of an overall strategic consideration and in light of the actual situation of the building of the county ( city ) leading groups and the leading cadre ranks .
since they studied those speeches , the vast numbers of leading cadres have enhanced their understanding of the great significance of the " three stresses " education at the county ( city ) level and strengthened their confidence and determination to make the " three stresses " education a success .
the members of zhangjiagang city 's leading group said during their study and discussion that they would proceed from the city 's being an economically more developed city and a national advanced model in the building of the two civilizations , set high standards and strict demands for all localities [ in the city ] to carry out well the " three stresses " education , and see to it that great efforts are made to ensure " profound " understanding , " thorough " study , " strict " analysis , " effective " rectification , " solid " work and " rapid " development .
some comrades said that it is necessary to regard the ongoing " three stresses " education as an " immunization station " that enables leading cadres to withstand various tests under the new circumstances , a " battery charging station " that improves their ideological and political quality , and a " filling station " that enables them to bring glory to zhangjiagang once more , so that new progresses will be made in all undertakings of zhangjiagang city .
the members of fengnan city 's leading group said : the important speeches made by general secretary jiang zemin and other central leading comrades have rich ideological contents and deal with current realities .
the central leading comrades have come to the grassroots units , directly heard grassroots cadres ' briefings and pertinently pointed out problems . this fact fully shows their understanding , trust and loving care of grassroots cadres , shows the high degree of importance attached by the party central committee to the " three stresses " education at the county ( city ) level , shows their firm conviction in marxism and the strategic vision of them as party and state leaders , and shows the correctness of the policy decision made by the party central committee .
we are determined to live up to the central leaders ' expectations and do a solid work in carrying out our " three stresses " education .
the members of yuhang city 's leading group said : the analyses made by general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades on the current situation and the party 's tasks are thorough . as soon as we heard them , we were suddenly enlightened .
the tasks of yuhang 's economic reform and development are quite heavy . we should handle well the system change and restructuring of enterprises , do a good job in importing , and make a good coordination to eliminate contradictions .
the central authorities are so concerned for us and devoting so much attention to us . we must make the " three stresses " education a success to lay a solid ideological foundation for reform and construction .
the members of shifang city 's leading group pointed out : general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades , out of an overall strategic consideration , have profoundly expounded the great significance of carrying out the " three stresses " education , and pertinently pointed out the existing major problems . their speeches have sobered us , making us truly realize the special significance of the " three stresses " education to economic development and to the building of the leading cadre ranks .
the members of beining city 's leading group said : the mobilization speeches of general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades have made us feel that we must further step up the " three stresses " education by enhancing our understanding , adopting the necessary measures and making greater efforts to analyze and rectify problems .
we must live up to the expectations of the party central committee and the people .
we should not always see only our achievements . we should also check whether we have not done what we should do .
we should sum up and make a list of those things that remain to be done .
the members of jingyang county 's leading group said : in the past , we always thought economic work meant inflexible tasks and targets while the party building and the building of spiritual civilization were flexible tasks , dealing with ideological work , not " grain production . " so , we did not have a profound understanding of the principle of " building both material and spiritual civilizations and attaching equal importance to both " and our understanding of it was lopsided .
the speeches of general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades have shaken us up a lot , enhanced our understanding of the great significance of stepping up party building and the building of spiritual civilization , and helped us overcome the mistake of " self - satisfaction . "
to our knowledge , these localities , after seriously studying and discussing the central leading comrades ' important speeches , made a further mobilization and set aside more than a week 's time for a concentrated theoretical study . following the extensive reading in the preceding stage , they practiced intensive reading , conducted special - subject education , and pondered theories in light of reality .
at the same time , they have solicited opinions from the general public and persistently engaged in study while correcting mistakes .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - ye xuanping , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) , said here today that in the past year , the cppcc national committee " has firmly grasped the two main themes of unity and democracy , earnestly performed its functions , seriously carried out consultation on major state affairs , energetically made proposals and offered advice , " and made important contribution to promoting comprehensive economic and social development .
the report made by ye xuanping on behalf of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee is one of the major items on the agenda at today 's opening session .
he $number reviewed the work of people 's political consultation in the past year .
he said the cppcc national committee has carried out consultation and discussion on important state affairs through holding plenary meetings of the committee , meetings of the standing committee and meetings of special committees .
in the spirit of a very strong sense of political responsibility and responsibility to the people , it has energetically made proposals and offered advice , reflected the demands of various circles , and put forward many important and valuable motions , suggestions and proposals .
implementing the sustainable development strategy is a basic national policy of china and is also an important field in which the cppcc discusses and takes part in state affairs .
ye xuanping said that in recent years , the cppcc national committee has carried out a lot of investigation and study centering on many aspects of the implementation of this strategy , and has made important achievements .
last year , the cppcc national committee put forward the " proposal on several issues on environmental protection in our country " and its contents include $number parts , such as the protection of water resources , the prevention of desertification of land , measures to deal with air pollution , the increase in environmental protection input , strengthening scientific research on environmental protection , and improving legislation related to environmental protection .
after the " proposal " was submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council , it has attracted great attention of central leaders and relevant departments .
state - owned enterprises are the pillar of china 's national economy . properly carrying out the reform of state - owned enterprises is of extremely great importance to the establishment of the socialist market economy structure .
ye xuanping said that last year , the cppcc economy committee put forward " several proposals on the establishment of a modern enterprise system in large and medium state - owned enterprises " and the " proposal on carrying out strategic readjustment of the layout of the state - owned economic sector . " they provided important reference for studying the reform and development of state - owned enterprises at $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee .
administering the country according to law and building a socialist country of rule of law are the basic general plan for administering the country put forward at the $number cpc national congress , which has attracted much attention of the large number of cppcc committee members .
ye xuanping said that at various kinds of cppcc meetings , committee members have enthusiastically aired their views and put forward proposals on implementing the general plan of administering the country according to law .
special committees have paid attention to conducting investigation and study on relevant issues centering round legislation , law - enforcement and judicial work .
speaking about investigation , study , making proposals and airing views , ye xuanping said that the cppcc national committee conducted investigation last year on a total of $number special topics and wrote $number investigation reports on special topics , of which $number were submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council as opinions and proposals on special topics and $number were given written comments by central leaders .
after the economy committee submitted to the state council the " proposal on insurance funds ' indirect entry into the securities market by means of securities investment funds , " premier zhu rongji and vice premiers li lanqing and wen jiabao separately made written comments on it . the " proposal " played an important role in promoting the formulation of the plan for insurance funds to enter the securities market .
ye xuanping also summed up the new progress made by the cppcc national committee in making the democratic channels unimpeded and reflecting the social situation and popular will , safeguarding unity and stability and developing the united front , unfolding non - government diplomacy and expanding friendly contacts , and strengthening its own construction and improving the work of its organs .
ye xuanping said : " the year $number is a year in which one century has succeeded the other .
in $date , the goal of the reform , opening up , and modernization of our country is very magnificent and the task is arduous . the cppcc is shouldering even greater responsibility . "
he put forward the key of work of the cppcc national committee this year in six aspects , that is , making proposals and offering advice centering on major issues in the construction and development of the country ; earnestly strengthening investigation on special topics ; continuing to do a good job in democratic supervision ; striving to enhance unity and safeguard social stability ; energetically promoting the realization of the great cause of the motherland 's reunification ; and giving full play to the important role of the cppcc in friendly contacts with foreign countries .
in conclusion , ye xuanping called on committee members to strengthen unity , pluck up their spirit , seize opportunities , meet challenges , be brave in undertaking the important mission entrusted by the times , and work hard for the prosperity of the people 's republic and the greater development of the cause of people 's political consultation .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the turn - of - the - century $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) opened at the great hall of the people here this afternoon .
some $number members from various ethnic groups and walks of life attend this session to exercise the cppcc 's functions of political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation in the deliberation and administration of state affairs .
a huge cppcc emblem hang at the center over the rostrum , with $number brightly colored red flags at the two sides .
the session was attended by $number of the $number members of $number cppcc national committee , thus having a quorum .
at $number [ $number gmt ] , when cppcc national committee chairman li ruihuan declared the session open , everyone in the meeting hall stood up , and a band began playing the national anthem of the people 's republic of china .
seated at the front row of the rostrum were cppcc national committee vice chairmen ye xuanping , yang rudai , wang zhaoguo , ngapoi ngawang jigme , lu jiaxi , ren jianxin , song jian , li guixian , chen junsheng , zhang siqing , qian zhengying , ding guangxun , sun fuling , henry fok ying - tung , ma man - kei , zhu guangya , wan guoquan , hu qili , chen jinhua , zhao nanqi , mao zhiyong , bai lichen , jing shuping , luo haocai , zhang kehui , zhou tienong , and wang wenyuan , as well as secretary general zheng wantong .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing were seated in the rostrum , congratulating the opening of the session .
presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the session $number examined and approved the agenda of $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
entrusted by the standing committee of $number cppcc national committee , vice chairman ye xuanping delivered a report on the standing committee 's work .
in his report , he reviewed the standing committee ' work in the past year .
ye xuanping reviewed the committee 's work in six areas : discussion of national affairs to serve the overall interests , investigation and study to make proposals , unclogging the democratic channels to reflect the conditions of society and public opinion , safeguarding unity and stability and developing united front , conducting people 's diplomacy to expand friendly contacts , and strengthening its own development and improving the work of its organs .
ye xuanping said : the year $number witnesses the turn of the century .
entrusted by the standing committee , cppcc national committee vice chairman zhou tienong gave a report to the meeting on the motions raised since $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
he said : during and after $number session of $number cppcc national committee , various democratic parties , relevant people 's organizations , and cppcc members made $number proposals . after review , $number proposals were placed on file for handling , and $number proposals were handled as letters from cppcc members .
as of $date , $number proposals , or $number percent of the total number of motions raised , had been dealt with .
in addition , $number proposals , or $number percent of the total , have been disposed of or incorporated into plans for handling .
at the meeting , a draft amendment to the cppcc constitution was also submitted to cppcc national committee members for deliberation and approval .
also seated on the rostrum were ding guangen , tian jiyun , li changchun , li tieying , wu bangguo , wu guanzheng , chi haotian , luo gan , jiang chunyun , jia qinglin , qian qichen , huang ju , wen jiabao , zeng qinghong , wu yi , qiao shi , liu huaqing , rong yiren , zou jiahua , pagbalha geleg namgyai , wang guangying , buhe , tomur dawamat , wu jieping , peng peiyun , he luli , zhou guangzhao , cao zhi ; ding shisun , cheng siwei , xu jialu , jiang zhenghua , ismail amat , wang zhongyu , xiao yang , han zhubin , wang gang , and he chunlin .
responsible persons of the relevant departments of the cpc central committee and the state council observed the session on invitation .
diplomatic envoys to china from various countries observed the session on invitation .
after the end of the opening ceremony , national committee chairman li ruihuan and vice chairmen ye xuanping , yang rudai , wang zhaoguo , chen junsheng , and wan guoquan , as well as secretary general zheng wantong met with newly elected members of $number cppcc national committee .
the pleasant and unexpected coincidence of " the year $number " and " $number members " drew a warm round of applause in the great hall of $number capacity .
a new century , a new millennium , and new hopes . these are the hottest topics discussed by members of the cppcc national committee before the opening ceremony .
developing western region - - hopes of new century member chen kaizhi of the macao special administrative region is one of those pursued by reporters .
speaking in fluent putonghua , he said the grand development of the western region would be a hot topic discussed at the " two sessions " this time .
he revealed that the proposal in which he participated concerns how china 's economically advanced coastal regions should play their due role in the grand development of the western region .
invited member zhao jiazhi , who rushed here from the old industrial base of jilin province , indicated that , in attending the session this time , he aimed most at gaining understanding of major arrangements made by the cpc central committee and the state council that are oriented toward the new century , especially arrangements on how to develop the western region and coastal regions .
" we , members of the cppcc national committee , will even more actively participate in the administration and discussion of state affairs so as to jointly plan for the motherland 's wonderful future . "
" this is the time to develop the western region , " renowned economist and member dong fureng said .
the grand development of the western region is a strategy of overall interest and will be " win - win " to both eastern and western regions . "
knowledge economy - - challenge of new millennium member pan zongguang , president of the hong kong technological university , is very concerned about how tertiary education should tie in with the strategy of developing a knowledge economy in the new century . he and other members have specially studied the issue and have submitted a proposal .
he proposed promoting a high - tech culture among tertiary institutions , imparting high - tech concepts to all lecturers , students , and staff , and helping them catch up with the great trend of a digitized economy and network - based society .
in response to this reporter 's questions on how to convert " population " into " manpower " and " heavy burdens " into " rich resources , " member wu changshun , a teacher of special grade from beijing municipality , said the important way is through education and it is especially important to develop foundation education .
reducing students ' excessive workload and letting students develop in an all - round manner is also a topic of concern among the members .
member huang dawei , researcher at the animal research institute of the chinese academy of sciences , are working out a plan together with his colleagues to build a museum where kids can learn and play .
he said : " future society needs creative talents . only talents who can break new grounds can ensure china remains invincible in the new century . "
motherland 's reunification - - aspiration of entire nation wearing the blue uniform of a general , member feng lida was surrounded by a group of young servicemen who took pictures with her .
feng lida is the daughter of renowned patriotic general feng yuxiang .
she told this reporter that she would air her political view on the motherland 's reunification at the cppcc session .
she said that , following hong kong and macao 's return to the motherland , compatriots on the two sides of the strait , who share the same root , should advance toward the new century in a unified manner .
she added that lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory " wins no popular support and will definitely be despised by chinese at home and abroad .
member xie huaan of the agricultural sector comes from fujian on the western coast of the strait .
he said folks of the native place are greatly concerned about taiwan 's future .
he expressed his belief that the central authorities will definitely make wise policy decisions and the taiwan issue will definitely be resolved as early as possible .
it is believed that the outline of the $number five - year plan concerning china 's development during the next five years ( $number ) will make its debut at the upcoming " two sessions , " and is expected to become one of the hot discussion topics among the delegates and members of the meeting .
prior to the opening of the " two sessions , " the state council has already ratified " several opinions concerning the formulation methods and procedures of the $number five - year plan " submitted by the state development planning commission ; and made clear that the formulation of the plan 's outline should be based on a thoroughgoing analysis of changes in both the domestic and international economic environments , on a correct understanding of the principal contradictions currently facing the country 's economic and social development , and on efforts to enhance science and the leading significance of the plan , so that the plan can play a more effective role in regulating and guiding the country 's economic activities .
over the past two years , many government departments have conducted thoroughgoing investigations and studies , among which the state planning commission has been assigned with the responsibility for the formulation of the $number five - year plan , and has extensively solicited suggestions from people of all circles in society on the formulation of the plan .
relevant experts have noted : according to a prediction based on a comprehensive analysis of both domestic and international factors , china 's economy is expected to remain in a new growth phase for a considerably long period of time to come , its average annual economic growth rate can be maintained at $number percent , and the country 's economy will show a sound development trend during the early years of $date .
it has been revealed that the $number five - year plan , which is currently under preparation , will bring forward concrete targets and policy measures in such aspects as maintaining the country 's rapid economic development , optimizing the country 's economic structure , enhancing the country 's international competitiveness , improving the living standards of the people , accelerating the development of all social undertakings , promoting the building of a sound ecological environment and the work of environmental protection , economizing on and making comprehensive use of resources , introducing an institutional reform , and expanding the scope of opening up .
in comparison with the five - year plans in the past , the $number five - year plan shows many special characteristics .
therefore , when formulating the $number five - year plan , we should take these special characteristics into full consideration , so that the plan can reflect and suit the special requirements of the new situation that china is to face in the future .
according to the analysis of experts , the special characteristics of the $number five - year plan are mainly showed in the following three aspects : $number of all , the $number five - year plan is $number five - year plan following china 's switch from its fulfillment of $number - step strategic economic development target to its implementation of $number - step strategic target .
at the beginning $date , the chinese government established a three - step strategy for its economic development ; in other words , during the period $number , the country was expected to redouble its $number per capita gnp to $ $number - $ $number , thus entering a well - to - do society ; and starting the year $number , the country is to quadruple its per capita gnp to $ $number in $number or $number years ' of time , thus approaching the level of moderately advanced countries .
on the whole , $number two steps of china 's strategic target have been fulfilled ahead of schedule , at a level higher than the preset standards .
this marks the beginning of a new development phase in china 's social and economic development , that is , the phase of a gradual transition from a modest level of prosperity to modernization .
such a fact will inevitably give rise to many significant changes in china 's social and economic lives , for many contradictions and problems in a country 's social and economic lives are related to changes in its economic development .
therefore , the $number five - year plan must take into account the change in the phase of the country 's economic development , so as to ensure a good beginning for its implementation of $number - step strategic target .
secondly , the $number five - year plan is $number five - year plan drawn up and implemented under a market economic structure , while the previous nine five - year plans were all formulated either under a planned economic structure or during the transitional process when the country 's old economic structure was changed into a new one .
therefore , the formulation of the $number five - year plan will be considerably different from the formulation of previous five - year plans in guiding ideology , planning methods , and means of implementation ; and in view of such a fact , we should give full consideration to changes that have taken place in the country 's economic structure , and also to the new situations and new problems that may crop up under the conditions of a market economy .
$number , significant changes are taking place in the international political setup , economic setup , and military setup today . in the face of increasingly acute international competitions , china needs to seek further development amidst international competitions .
therefore , in our formulation and implementation of the $number five - year plan , we must take into consideration the changes in the current international situation ; particularly , we should give consideration to changes in china 's economic and social development following its accession to the wto , and to china 's economic situation after its economy is brought into line with the world economy .
it is beyond any doubt that the delegates and members of the " two sessions " will show special concern over the formulation of the $number five - year plan , which is china 's $number five - year plan after it enters the new century ; and will pay close attention to the guidelines , and to the analysis of changes of both internal and external conditions , concerning the formulation of the $number five - year plan . they may bring up various queries and questions , and ask government officials and experts to provide answers ; and this can , through the propaganda of the media , turn the guidelines and policies of the $number five - year plan into an extensive consensus among our people throughout the country .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at the opening of $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] this afternoon , zhou tienong , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , entrusted by the committee , presented a report on proposal handling since $number session of $number cppcc national committee was held .
zhou tienong said : during $number session of $number cppcc national committee and after the session , various democratic political parties , relevant mass organizations , and cppcc members raised a total of $number proposals .
after examining these proposals , the motions committee made a total of $number motions and treated $number of these proposals as members ' letters .
the number of members who raised proposals was $number , or $number percent of all cppcc members . central committees of eight democratic political parties and the all - china federation of industry and commerce submitted $number proposals while various cppcc committees raised $number proposals .
as of $date , $number , or $number percent , of proposals had been settled .
the number of opinions and suggestions raised that had been resolved or incorporated in plans reached $number , or $number percent .
as for proposals that are difficult to resolve for the time being due to the restraint of conditions , units that are in charge have provided explanations in a down - to - earth manner .
members have given feedback on the handling of $number proposals , of which $number percent were rated as satisfactory or basically satisfactory .
he said : proposals received since $number session of $number cppcc national committee were broad in content . they primarily concerned the following : maintaining a sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy ; strengthening agriculture and doing well in rural work ; continuing to vigorously promote reform of state - owned enterprises ; preventing and resolving financial risks ; expanding domestic demand ; continuing to implement the policy of opening up and striving to expand the international market ; implement the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the strategy of sustainable development ; deepening the reform of the social security system ; implementing the general plan of governing the country according to law and fighting corruption and promoting a clean government ; strengthening national defense construction ; and promoting the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
after receiving these opinions and suggestions and conscientiously studying and processing them , units - in - charge adopted quite a number of them in formulating policies and work improvement .
proposals concerning economic construction constituted $number percent of all proposals and covered many areas .
for example , the central committees of the china democratic national construction association and the chinese peasants ' and workers ' democratic party , the all - china federation of industry and commerce , and some cppcc members raised proposals from different perspectives , proposing that the government adopts measures to actively support development of small and medium - sized enterprises , including private enterprises .
led by vice chairman sun fuling , the motions committee conducted a survey in collaboration with the state economic and trade commission in $date and submitted a survey report to the cpc central committee and the state council .
premier zhu rongji and vice premier wu bangguo both gave important comments and instructions on the report .
vice chairman li guixian submitted a proposal on raising reed yield per unit area and gradually replacing wood pulp with reed in paper making . the state administration of light industry has decided to invest more in reed field basic construction and scientific research , while formulating regulations to protect and develop reed resources .
rejuvenating the country through science and education and spiritual civilization were also important topics of proposals .
for example , the ministry of agriculture , ministry of science and technology , and ministry of finance regarded proposals on truly rejuvenating agriculture through science and technology as highly valuable , and will study and adopt relevant opinions and suggestions when formulating the agricultural technology development outline .
democratic political parties and cppcc members raised numerous proposals on narrowing gaps among schools in providing compulsory education and truly reducing workloads of middle and primary school students . these proposals dwelled on problems that drew strong reactions from the public and are being tackled by education departments at all levels .
as a result , the ministry of education recently issued an urgent circular and made specific provisions .
there are also proposals that put forth many important opinions and suggestions on building the legal system , reform of the social security system , and promoting the motherland 's reunification .
for example , some proposals suggest formulating and perfecting such laws and regulations as the government procurement law , social security law , and nationality regional autonomy law for the purpose of deepening reform and safeguarding stability .
concerning the issue of formulating laws on population and family planning , wang zhongyu , state councilor and secretary general of the state council [ general office ] , gave his comments and instructions on the survey report submitted by the motions committee , saying : these proposals are of important reference value in formulating population and family planning laws , especially those parts on guiding ideology and basic principles .
zhou tienong said : party and government departments attach great importance to cppcc proposals .
many leaders personally made arrangements and handled the proposals , intensified their handling efforts , and established and perfected a system of handling proposals , thereby ensuring their implementation .
in order to further raise the quality of proposal handling , the cppcc national committee has actively carried out exploration and practice since $number session was held .
in $date , the cppcc national committee held $number forum on proposal handling in beijing . the forum conscientiously summed up experiences and exchanged views on ways of raising the quality of proposals , quality of handling proposals , and quality of service , setting clear directions to strive for in future proposal handling .
$number meeting of the standing committee of $number cppcc national committee examined and adopted the revised regulations on proposal handling by the cppcc national committee .
the motions committee did a lot of work focusing on raising the quality of proposal handling and on facilitating proposal handling .
on existing problems in the cppcc 's proposal handling , zhou tienong said : $number , there is a need to further raise the quality of proposals ; $number , some units - in - charge still lag behind in their understanding and efforts of handling proposals ; $number , service and work of the motions committee still need improvement .
in conclusion , zhou tienong said : this year witnesses the turn of the century . in this new year , the standing committee must regard raising the quality of proposal handling as an important task .
the committee must , according to the spirit of the cppcc national committee 's $number forum on proposal handling as well as provisions and requirements of the newly revised regulations on proposal handling , focus on the central task , serve overall interests , constantly raise the quality of proposals , and truly put forth some suggestions of important reference value for policy making by the party and the country .
this reporter has learned from the supreme people 's procuratorate that procuratorial organs throughout the country will adopt further measures to reinforce their building of a sound party style and an a clean administration , and to build up a highly efficient and corruption - free contingent of procuratorial personnel who are diligent in performing official duties .
the supreme people 's procuratorate stressed : it is important to strictly enforce the responsibility system for the building of a sound party style and an a clean administration , further deepen the work of ensuring honesty and self - discipline among leading cadres , and see to a continued implementation of the guiding principles for a clean administration .
the spouse and children of a leading cadre are prohibited from accepting any cash gifts , negotiable securities , and valuables by making use of the official authority or the official influences of this leading cadre ; prohibited from engaging in any business or enterprise - running activities in an area or within the professional scope under the jurisdiction of this leading cadre that may conflict with public interests ; prohibited from taking tourist tours at state expense , and from installing personal computers in their residential quarters which are paid for by public funds ; and prohibited from abusing power for personal gains by taking advantage of the present housing reform .
those who have violated the aforementioned stipulations should be urged to redress their mistakes within a definite time ; and anyone refusing to redress his mistakes should be ordered to resign from his office , while those who are found to have violated relevant party and administrative disciplines should be given disciplinary punishments .
the supreme people 's procuratorate has urged leading cadres of procuratorial organs at all levels to see to a strict enforcement of the stipulations carried in the code of criminal procedure , the law of public procurator , and other laws ; and take the lead in enforcing the case - handling discipline . to ensure an impartial enforcement of the law as well as an honorable handling of cases , anyone who has family ties with the litigant , the representative , or the defense of a case should avoid meeting , without authorization , the litigant from one side of the case ; recommending or introducing the representative or the defense to the litigant ; or briefing lawyers and other relevant personnel on the handling of the case .
strictly forbidden is the malpractice of handling " cases involving social connections , " " cases involving personal favors , " and " cases involving money . "
beijing , $date - - ye xuanping , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , said here today when discussing the work of the cppcc this year that positive efforts would be made to complete all preparations for conference $number of the " $number century forum " and that careful organizational work would be done and detailed arrangements would be made to ensure its complete success .
$number session of $number cppcc national committee opened here today . on behalf of $number cppcc national committee , ye xuanping reported on the work of the standing committee and put forward the outlines for the work of the cppcc this year .
on the need to make full use of the cppcc 's important role in expanding friendly exchanges with other countries , he said : we will positively and steadily develop friendly exchanges with other countries in accordance with the overall arrangements for china 's diplomatic work .
we will continue to arrange high - level visits to expand its influence abroad . the relationships we have established with relevant organs of other countries and with international organizations will be maintained and developed , and planned efforts will be made to establish new friendly contacts to open up new areas of cooperation . we will also continue to give full play to the role of the democratic parties , mass organizations and representatives of all ethnic groups and all walks of life in exchanges with other countries .
ye xuanping said that the cppcc national committee had energetically developed friendly exchanges with other countries and had played an important role in enlivening china 's diplomatic efforts , promoting understanding , friendship and cooperation between china and other countries during the past year .
he said : the cppcc national committee had conducted friendly exchange of visits with $number institutions in $number countries and four international organizations up to $date this year , of which $number institutions in eight countries established contacts with us following $number session of $number national committee of the cppcc .
during the past year , the cppcc national committee sent $number delegations to visit $number countries and received delegations or groups from seven countries . ''
he said : chairman li ruihuan paid successful goodwill visits to the republic of korea , the united arab emirates , oman , egypt , sri lanka , the maldives and japan .
nine vice chairmen headed delegations visiting countries in asia , europe , america and oceania or attending meetings of the international interaction council , the international association of economic and social councils and similar institutions as well as the davos world economic forum .
ye xuanping said : to celebrate the $number anniversary of the founding of new china and the cppcc , the general office of the cppcc national committee and the permanent mission of the prc to the united nations and the chinese embassy in the united states jointly held the exhibition of painting and calligraphy of the cppcc members at the un headquarters and in new york .
the exhibition was well received . the committee of foreign affairs issued a statement to lodge the strongest protest against the brutal us - led nato bombing of the chinese embassy in the federal republic of yugoslavia .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - the army is a staunch pillar for safeguarding national interests . at a time when the chinese nation is standing at the threshold of a new century , how to make plans and devise strategies for the chinese army 's cross - century modernization building and reform and how to enable the chinese army to better greet the challenge of global military development have become issues of general concern at home and abroad .
pan rixuan , professor of army building research institute under scientific research department of pla [ people 's liberation army ] national defense university , profoundly analyzed these issues during an interview .
pan held that one can clearly see from " the chinese army marching towards the $number century , " namely , $number part of a special television series entitled " the chinese army " aired by cctv [ china central television ] : in the process of cross - century development , viewed from the overall strategic interests of national security and development , the chinese army 's modernization building must be accelerated , this being of great significance to pla performing its functions and fulfilling its task of defending the homeland and the state in the future .
professor pan rixuan said : speeding up army modernization is a need for fighting and winning a modern war which may break out , especially a local war under hi - tech conditions , and for safeguarding the motherland reunification and territorial integrity .
pan emphatically stated : the motherland reunification can not drag on indefinitely .
the history and reality have told us : on the road of fulfilling the complete reunification of the motherland , the struggle will be extremely formidable and demand more sufficient preparations .
the ancients said : " to stop a war with a war , the war shall succeed . "
the historical experiences have proven that peace can only be secured by " ability to fight " and peace is based on " ability to fight " only .
the extent to which science and technology are applied and mastered in the military domain and the scientific and technological level of arms and equipment as well as military scientific and technological quality of commanders are the key symbols of army modernization .
how to take the strategy of building a strong army through science and technology as an important means of realizing army modernization ?
professor pan held : $number and foremost , we must intensify the scientific and technological contents of army modernization ; make a success of scientific research ; concentrate efforts on making key technological breakthroughs ; and heighten the quality of arms and equipment ; $number , we must improve the scientific and technological quality of men ; regard raising the scientific and technological quality of military personnel as an important strategic task ; work hard to train qualified cross - century hi - tech personnel ; implement in real earnest chairman jiang zemin 's requirement of " rather letting qualified personnel wait for equipment than letting equipment wait for qualified personnel , " and put scientific and technological quality progress of qualified personnel in a prominent position in the chinese army 's modernization building .
speaking of how to renew concepts and comprehensively put forward modernization building with a new posture of reform and innovation , professor pan pointed out : pla has never stopped reform and innovation . however , we should sober - mindedly understand that how to adapt to profound changes brought about by the new military transformation and tackle thorny and flash - point issues of modernization building still remains a system engineering project faced by china , this being a project of epoch - making significance .
we should clearly understand the characteristics and law of army building under the new circumstances and should boldly and assuredly carry on reform and innovation : $number . we should gear reform to the battlefield and the market and firmly conduct all types of reform in light of the needs of a military struggle ; $number . we should carry out systematic and corresponding reforms and see to it that various modernization building reforms , which are aimed at readjusting and transforming all types of relations within the army , will bring out the best in each other and develop in a coordinated way ; $number . we should gear reform to the world ; merge with the global trend of military transformation ; and selectively draw upon its cream in light of the realities in the chinese army so as to bring about great development of the chinese army 's modernization building .
agriculture said to face stern challenges after china 's wto entry hong kong , $date (zxs) - - some scholars and experts who were currently attending a forum called " the world trade organization [ wto ] needs china , china needs the wto " , pointed out : as the industrialization of agriculture in china progresses slowly and a market agriculture has not yet taken shape , after joining the wto , china 's agriculture is expected to face stern challenges .
xu boyuan , research fellow at the agricultural economic research center under the chinese ministry of agriculture , summed up the challenges as follows : $number , the impact on the government administrative structure . agricultural production , agricultural product circulation , and agricultural product trade in china are administered respectively by the agricultural , internal trade , and foreign trade departments .
$number , the impact on agricultural product prices .
the prices of agricultural products are high , but their quality is low ; the output of agricultural products using science and technology is very limited ; and presently , grain prices in china are universally higher than international grain prices . therefore , the burden is heavy and the road is long for china to compete in international agricultural product prices .
$number , the impact on the agricultural production structure .
after china gets wto membership , all restrictions on the operation of agricultural products will be lifted ; the international and domestic markets will become an integrated whole ; agricultural products in china will undergo strict election by the domestic and international markets ; and healthy agricultural products of high quality and low price will be much sought after by domestic and international consumers .
at present china 's agricultural products are far from meeting market consumption demand in terms of quality , variety , and structure .
if the agricultural structure is not restructured , the variety structure is not upgraded , and the quality of agricultural production is not improved as soon as possible , it will be very difficult for china 's agricultural products to enter the international market .
$number , the impact of tariff concessions and non - tariff cuts on china 's agricultural product market .
china 's agricultural products have relied on import licenses , import quotas , and non - tariff measures for regulation and control for a long time .
after china enters the wto , the use of non - tariff measures will be banned , and china has to turn its existing non - tariff measures into relevant equivalent tariffs and cut them according to previously agreed stipulations .
the tariff concessions and the loss of non - tariff policy fiats will create favorable conditions for foreign agricultural products to occupy the chinese market on a large scale and thus impact china 's macro regulation and control efforts .
$number , the agricultural marketization in china is not sound enough to meet the needs of the situation resulting from china 's entry into the wto .
although the resulting situation will be grim , the experts universally agreed : china 's wto will benefit both the country and the people .
kong xiangyun , associate professor of the economics institute of qighua university 's humanities college , maintained : china 's wto entry will bring about a lot of opportunities to agricultural production and agricultural product international trade .
it will not only help further improve the international trade environment , expand international agricultural cooperation , and enhance the capability of china 's agriculture to compete in the international market but also help china develop a market economy in its agricultural sector and speed up the integration of the chinese market with the international market .
in reality , this favorable factor is also the result of china 's effort to take the lead in carrying out rural reforms and a contracted responsibility system based on the household with remuneration linked to output .
the formation of china 's most dynamic , independent production and operation units is the root of china 's economic development and the base for china to face competition after it becomes a member of the wto .
moreover , china 's market system and foreign trade pattern have now taken shape initially .
china 's rural market system can be roughly divided into three layers : at $number layer are $number country markets and urban retail shopping malls across china ; at $number layer are $number agricultural product wholesale markets throughout the country ; and at $number layer are the three futures markets ( in zhengzhou , dalian , and shanghai ) , which are now being standardized and rectified .
the establishment of this three - layer market system means that china 's rural market system has taken shape initially and farmers have a base on which they get involved in the operation of both domestic and international markets .
under the present foreign trade pattern , a considerable number of units characterized by diversification , the integration of production , supply , and marketing , and industrialization have acquired the right to import and export , thus greatly enabling them to get involved in agricultural product competition in the international market .
in the face of tremendous challenges resulting from china 's wto entry , the experts proposed that the government actively cope with them and formulate a corresponding policy .
xiao chen , professor of the international economic and trade department of beijing university , and wang jinbiao , senior project official of the international cooperation department of the chinese ministry of agriculture , maintained : after its wto entry , china must make a quite significant readjustment of its thinking on agricultural development and readjust its agricultural sector 's product mix and regional structure .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - at the opening session of $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , cppcc vice chairman ye xuanping said : in the new year , the cppcc will consolidate and develop the patriotic united front and energetically promote the realization of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
ye xuanping said that in the past year , the cppcc national committee has strengthened ties with personalities in various circles in taiwan , made extensive contacts with people of the industrial and commercial circles there , and tried in all possible ways to solve problems and do solid work for taiwan businessmen . besides , it has also severely repudiated the " two - state theory " dished out by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] and strongly condemned the taiwan authorities ' acts of trying in vain to split up the motherland .
he said : the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland marked important progress made in the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
the sacred mission of settling the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland has become more outstanding before all the people of the country , including taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese .
ye xuanping pointed out that various parties , organizations and representatives of various circles of all ethnic groups taking part in the cppcc fully agree to and support the principles in the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " expounded by the state council taiwan affairs office and the state council information office , resolutely oppose all kinds of splittist activities conducted by the splittist forces in taiwan represented by lee teng - hui , and resolutely support the solemn and just stand of , and all measures adopted by , the chinese government in promoting the motherland 's reunification and safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
ye xuanping said : the cppcc national committee will continue to make great efforts to publicize the " one - china " principle and the eight - point proposal on developing cross - strait relations and promoting the progress of the motherland 's peaceful reunification put forward by president jiang zemin , and on the basis of the one - china principle , develop contacts and exchanges with various parties , organizations and personalities in taiwan in order to enhance understanding , trust and consensus .
consolidating unity and stability , developing the united front , promoting unity among the people on the mainland on the basis of building socialism with chinese characteristics , promoting unity among the mainland compatriots , the hong kong and macao compatriots , and the taiwan compatriots on the basis of supporting the motherland 's reunification , and promoting unity among all chinese on the basis of realizing the great revitalization of the chinese nation are a basic duty and important task of the cppcc .
ye xuanping said : in the future , the cppcc national committee will continue to maintain close ties with people in various circles in hong kong and macao , give better play to the role of the committee members in hong kong and macao , and strive to safeguard the long - term stability and prosperity in hong kong and macao .
it is necessary to seriously study and energetically explore new ways and methods for properly carrying out overseas solidarity work in the new situation and further promote great unity among the chinese at home and abroad .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - with the high spirit of carrying on the past and opening a way for the future at the turn of the century , and with the lofty aspiration of marching toward the new century , some $number members of various nationalities of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] from various circles gathered at the great hall of the people in beijing this afternoon to attend the opening ceremony of $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
in $date , the spring breeze brings warmth to the people in beijing .
and , in the lounge on the rostrum of the great hall of the people , the fragrance of green tea wafted in the air , and narcissuses were in full bloom .
at $number , jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing , and other party and government leaders arrived here one after another to extend cordial greetings to cppcc national leading comrades and congratulate them on the opening of the session .
cppcc national leaders and members went down to grass - roots areas last year to conduct investigations and studies on the central work of the state and offered many valuable opinions and suggestions .
yang rudai and wan guoquan , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , sat together to talk about their investigation and study results .
vice chairman yang rudai , who has been concerned with agriculture for years , led some members to sichuan and gansu to investigate and study the situation in agricultural restructuring .
he said , investigations and studies are the foundation for cppcc members to participate in and discuss government affairs , therefore the work in this aspect should be intensified .
" helping settle down and support the aged " is the issue of great concern to vice chairman wan guoquan . he had led some members to conduct special investigations and studies for this issue many times and submitted two reports to the cpc central committee and the state council .
wan guoquan said the aging problem is a big problem for china that should arouse attention and be resolved as early as possible .
reportedly , the cppcc national committee conducted special investigations and studies on $number issues last year and submitted $number reports on these issues .
before the opening of the session , members warmly talked with one another in the east hall .
rouzitanmu minasufu , cppcc member from xinjiang who has long worked in the countryside , said : " the cpc central committee 's strategic policy decision of extensively developing the western regions is of great historical significance in promoting the development of western regions . the minority nationalities in border areas are elated and inspired by this decision .
we must depend on the unity and struggle of the people of all nationalities to accelerate the development of western regions . "
sun qi , chairman of the cppcc liaoning provincial committee , was soliciting the signatures of other members at the great hall by holding in his hand the motion : " the state should begin collecting the social security tax as early as possible , " that was carefully considered and written by himself .
just at this moment , chen hongduo , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , solemnly signed his name because he had long studied this issue and agreed with it .
he said : " it is cppcc members ' duty to investigate and study the conspicuous issues in economic and social activities and to offer advice and suggestions to relevant government departments . "
an information counter for the session was set up in the east hall equipped with an advanced computer search system .
member dong shilin from zhejiang university asked for statistical data from working staff and planned to bring them back to his lodging place for careful study .
he told a reporter that before coming to beijing to attend this session , he had gone to some localities to conduct investigations and studies , and after checking in at the secretariat of the session , he submitted a motion on the issue of construction quality . he expressed hope that departments concerned should carry out the supervision system when a construction project is at the design stage .
member chen yu stood in front of the computer , searching and reading the data and figures concerning the counties below the poverty line .
this member , who used to work in qinghai and guizhou , said with a strong feeling : " this year is the last year to fulfill the seven - year poverty reduction plan , while the task remains very arduous .
i want to offer a suggestion on this issue during the current session .
checking some data here can make my suggestion more scientific and accurate . "
member sun xiaojiang , teacher of a primary school of jino nationality in xishuangbanna , said : " comrade jiang zemin 's speech on education issue is extremely important one that has deeply inspired educational workers .
in the effort to educate the younger generation , we cannot lay undue emphasis on scores , but should intensify the education on ideology and morality . we should not only impart knowledge but also educate students . "
after the bell of the session rang , members stepped into the solemn meeting hall , which was permeated with an atmosphere of democracy , truth - seeking , unity , and progress .
being , $date ( xinhua ) - - entrusted by the standing committee of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , vice chairman ye xuanping of the cppcc national committee made a report on the work of the standing committee at $number session of $number cppcc national committee which opened this afternoon .
holding consultations on state affairs and serving the interests of the whole .
he said : the strategy of sustainable development is one of our country 's basic policies , which is also an important area where the cppcc national committee participates in the administration and discussion of state affairs .
in recent year , the cppcc national committee conducted quite a number of investigations and studies around the implementation of this strategy in many areas , achieving important results . last year , the question of environment and development was put on the agenda of $number meeting of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee .
at the meeting , li ruihuan , chairman of the cppcc national committee , delivered an important speech entitled " several questions about the greening of our country , " and wen jiabao , vice premier of the state council , made a report entitled " implement the strategy for sustainable development to promote a coordinated development of the environment and the economy . "
members of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee conducted in - depth discussions on the question of environmental protection in china .
on the basis of the views expressed at the meeting and the findings made by various special committees , members of the standing committee worked out the " proposals for certain questions concerning environmental protection in our country , " which were submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council , receiving close attention from leading comrades of the central authorities and relevant departments .
according to the work arrangements made by the cpc central committee and the state council , the standing committee of the cppcc national committee listed the reform of state - owned enterprises as a key subject for study and concentrated its personnel on the investigation and study of it .
the economic committee came up with " several suggestions on the establishment of a modern enterprise system in large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises " and the " proposals for the strategic readjustment of the layout of the state - owned economic sector . " the suggestions and proposals provided important opinions for reference by $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee in its discussion on the reform and development of state - owned enterprises .
following $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , the standing committee of the cppcc national committee held its $number meeting .
at the meeting , members of the standing committee conscientiously studied the " decision of the central committee of the communist party of china on major issues concerning the reform and development of state - owned enterprises , heard a report entitled a " programmatic document on promoting the reform and development of state - owned enterprises " by vice premier wu bangguo , had a lively discussion on questions concerning the reform and development of state - owned enterprises , and put forward many insightful views and proposals .
governing the country according to law and building a country under the rule of the socialist legal system are a basic strategy set forth at the $number cpc national congress for administering the country , which was of great concern to members of the cppcc national committee .
at its various meetings , members of the cppcc national committee positively spoken and made proposals on implementation of the strategy for governing the country according to law .
members of various special committees conducted investigations and studies around issues concerning legislation , law enforcement , and judicial affairs .
for instance , the proposals handling committee , the population , resources , and environment committee , and the social and legal affairs committee conducted investigations and studies in earnest and put forward views and proposals on legislation concerning the population and family planning , on draft revision of the " law of the people 's republic of china on the protection of the marine environment , " on a preliminary draft revision of the " law of the people 's republic of china on the prevention and control of air pollution , " and on the reform of the judicial system .
in last $date and $date , president xiao yang of the supreme people 's court and procurator general han zhubin of the supreme people 's procuratorate successively briefed members of the cppcc national committee in beijing on the work of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate and listened attentively to the latter 's opinions .
members of the cppcc national committee who attended these briefings held that such briefings were conducive to their understanding of the situation and better performing their functions . $number .
conducting investigations and studies and putting forward views and proposals .
ye xuanping said : the standing committee of the cppcc national committee gave top priority to conducting in - depth investigations and studies and putting forward views and proposals around the central task and made efforts to raise the level of research on special topics .
in the past year , the cppcc national committee conducted investigations of $number special topics and come up with $number reports on such topics , and $number special suggestions and proposals were submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council , $number of which leaders received written comments from leaders of the central authorities .
for instance , premier zhu rongji highly appraised an " investigation and study report on the development of small and medium - sized enterprises " submitted by the proposal handling committee , pointing out that the cppcc " made a very good proposal which deserved the close attention of the relevant departments under the state council and the state - owned commercial banks . "
a " proposal to allow funds of insurance companies to indirectly enter the stock market through securities investment funds " made by the economic committee was submitted to the state council , and premier zhu rongji and vice premiers li lanqing and wen jiabao made written comments on the proposal respectively . this proposal played an important role in introducing a plan for allowing funds of insurance companies toe enter the stock market . $number .
reporting on social conditions and popular sentiments through unclogged democratic channels .
ye xuanping said : using such channels as making proposals , conducting inspections , collecting information , gaining an in - depth understanding of the situation , and positively offering views and advice are the important forms in which the cppcc national committee performs its functions , and these are also its fundamental work .
since its $number session , $number cppcc national committee had received a total of $number proposals , $number of which had been placed on file for handling after examining all of them . as of $date , $number proposals had been addressed .
these proposals involved a wide range of issues concerning every aspect of the state and social life ; some of them reflected the situation , while others included countermeasures and proposals .
in the process of handling such proposals , we made a point of selecting some important proposals and urged the relevant authorities to address them , achieving very good results .
last year , members of the cppcc national committee were organized into $number groups to inspect the protection of the agro - ecological environment , the reform of state - owned enterprises , the development of new and high technologies by non - public enterprises , elementary education in areas inhabited by minority nationalities , and relocation of people moved out of the three gorges project area .
members of these groups went among the masses in the grass - roots units to acquaint themselves with the social conditions and popular sentiments there ; then , they conscientiously wrote their inspection reports , providing important data for relevant departments under the central authorities to grasp the actual situation and improve their work .
particularly around the topics discussed at $number and $number meetings of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee , two standing committee inspection groups were organized to inspect the protection of the agro - ecological environment and the reform of state - owned enterprises , achieving better results .
last year , the cppcc national committee reported $number pieces of important views and proposals put forward by its members and of information on social conditions popular sentiments ; it received $number letters from the people .
premier zhu rongji and vice premiers li lanqing , wu bangguo , and wen jiabao , as well as other leading comrades of the central authorities , made important written comments and instructions concerning the submitted information on many occasions .
maintaining unity and stability and developing the united front .
ye xuanping pointed out : in the past year , the cppcc national committee held high the banner of patriotism and socialism and conscientiously implemented the principles of " long - term coexistence , mutual supervision , treating each other with all sincerity , and sharing each other 's weal and woe " ; it promoted the spirit of unity , cooperation , and pulling together in times of trouble and adhered to the principles of seeking common ground while reserving differences and striving for understanding and tolerance for others ; and it strove to create a proper atmosphere for democratic consultation and the discussion of affairs on the basis of equality , thus consolidating and strengthening the patriotic united front .
at the same time , the cppcc national committee actively assisted the party and the government in the work of coordinating relations and defusing contradictions .
members of the cppcc national committee went down to the grass - roots levels to listen attentively to the opinions and wishes of people of various ethnic groups and circles in society and reflected such opinions and wishes in timely manner ; they vigorously publicized relevant policies of the party and the government and did research on and put forward measures and proposals for solving problems .
according to the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " the cppcc national committee made friends abroad and worked to promote the reunification of the motherland in various ways and through various channels .
we sternly refuted lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state " theory and strongly condemned the taiwan authorities for attempting to divide the motherland .
under the conditions of " one country , two systems , " we vigorously explored effective ways to increase our contacts with members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong and macao and with compatriots of various circles there .
members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong energetically plunged themselves into economic recovery and development , performing a lot of work for the prosperity and stability of the hong kong special administrative region . member of the cppcc national committee from macao took an active part in making preparations for the establishment of the government of the macao special administrative region , contributing to the smooth return of macao to the motherland . $number .
carrying out people - to - people diplomacy and expanding friendly exchanges .
ye xuanping said : the cppcc national committee worked vigorously to develop friendly exchanges with other countries , playing an important role in enlivening the country 's diplomacy , promoting the understanding of china by other countries , and furthering our friendship and cooperation with them .
as of $date this year , the cppcc national committee had conducted friendly exchange of visits with $number institutions in $number countries and four international organizations , of which $number institutions in eight countries established contacts with us following $number session of $number cppcc national committee . $number .
strengthening itself and improving the work of its organs .
he said : the standing committee of the cppcc national committee and its special committees often sponsored lectures , forums , and symposiums and organized their members to conscientiously study deng xiaoping theory , comrade jiang zemin 's important expositions on the work of the united front and the cppcc , the principles and policies of the cpc central committee , history , laws , and economics , especially the latest information on modern science and technology ; they organized their members to make visits , inspections , and investigations and studies and to learn from social practice and from the masses of people .
at the same time , we also paid attention to establishing systems , revised the " general rules on the work of special committees " and the " regulations governing the work of proposals handling , " and conscientiously made preparations for revising the cppcc charter .
according to the unified arrangements made by the cpc central committee , organs under the cppcc national committee conducted education in party spirit and the party 's work style , with " laying stress on study , politics , and healthy trends " as its main content , " among cpc members at leading posts .
on the arrangements for the work of the cppcc national committee $date , ye xuanping put forward his views in six aspects : $number . putting forward views and offering advice on major issues in the construction and development of the country .
the cppcc should bring its characteristics and advantages into full play .
centering on the formulation of the $number five - year plan , implementation of the strategy for the large - scale development of the western region , sustainable development , revitalizing the country through science and education , the opportunities and challenges our country may face after its accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] , and new situations and problems that may arise in the process of deepening reform , the cppcc national committee should actively take the initiative in holding serious and responsible consultations and discussions and offer better views and advice on the construction and development of the country on the basis of making in - depth investigations and studies . $number .
effectively stepping up research on special topics .
various special committees should proceed from reality , lay stress on the key points , and carefully select topics .
general departments should effectively make comprehensive coordination with regard to research on special topics in a timely manner .
members of the cppcc national committee are encouraged to make in - depth investigations and studies in practice , to maintain close ties with the masses , and to listen attentively to the opinions and demands of the masses .
we should continue to act according the requirement for " setting forth views and proposals , " adhere to the principles of " laying stress on the key points , " " doing what is within our means , " and " achieving fine results , " further raise the level of research on special topics , and actively promote the application of the results of investigation and study . $number .
while continuing to carry forward the cppcc democratic tradition and making full use of existing forms such as regular meetings , proposals , inspections , and information , we should take the initiative in exploring effective ways to strengthen democratic supervision in the new situation in order to make such supervision more effective .
issues to be particularly monitored should be selected from matters of special concern to the party and the government and those about which the masses of people are strongly complaining .
we should pay attention to coordinating monitoring activities in other fields and accurately reporting opinions and suggestions from people of all walks of life concerning lightening the burden on peasants , promoting the reform of state - owned enterprises , improving public order , and stepping up the efforts to combat corruption and building a clean and honest government .
we should bring the comprehensive efficiency of democratic supervision into full play and gradually establish a standardized , orderly , and truly effective mechanism for exercising democratic supervision . $number .
we should strengthen our ties with all democratic parties , democratic personages without party affiliation , mass organizations , and representatives of various ethnic groups and circles in society participating in the cppcc , reflect their opinions and demands , and listen to their criticisms and suggestions ; we should adhere to the principles of holding consultations on the basis of equality , seeking common ground while reserving differences , cooperating in work , and pulling together in times of trouble , and work constantly to consolidate and develop the patriotic united front .
as changes are taking place in economic structure and social relationships , the cppcc should make full use of its favorable conditions , such as its extensive contacts and unimpeded channels of information , to go deep into the realities of life and go among the masses to find out the actual conditions and exchange ideas with the masses in order to promptly and accurately report on social conditions and popular sentiments . it should actively assist the party and the government in coordinating relationships , defusing contradictions , promoting unity , and maintaining social and political stability . $number .
vigorously promoting the realization of the great cause of reunifying the motherland .
we should continue to vigorously publicize the principle of " one country , two system " and the eight - point proposal put forward by president jiang zemin for developing relations between the two side of the taiwan strait and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland . we should develop our contacts and exchanges with various parties , organizations , and personages in taiwan on the one - china principle in order to promote mutual understanding and trust and reach a consensus of opinion .
we should continue to maintain close ties with persons of all walks of life in hong kong and macao , give full play to the role of the hong kong and macao members of the cppcc national committee , and strive to maintain long - term stability and prosperity in hong kong and macao .
we should earnestly study and actively explore new ways and methods to perform the work of maintaining friendly contacts abroad in the new situation with a view to further promoting the great unity of chinese people at home and abroad . $number .
giving full play to the important role of the cppcc in developing friendly exchanges with other countries .
according to the overall arrangements for china 's diplomatic work , we should actively and properly develop friendly exchanges with other countries .
we should continue to arrange high - level visits in order to expand the cppcc 's influence abroad . we should maintain and develop existing relations with relevant institutions in other countries and with international organizations , establish new friendly contacts in a planned way , and open up new areas of cooperation . we should continue to give full play to the role of the democratic parties , mass organizations , and representatives of various ethnic groups and circles in society in developing friendly exchanges abroad . we should vigorously do a good job in preparing for the $number annual conference of the " $number century forum . "
in conclusion , ye xuanping said : under the leadership of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , let us hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , strengthen our unity , enhance our vigor , seize the opportunity , meet the challenges , courageously shoulder the heavy responsibility entrusted by the times , and strive for the prosperity of the prc and the greater development of the cppcc cause .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - president jiang zemin met with russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov here today .
jiang zemin spoke highly of the importance attached by acting president vladimir putin to relations with china , and asked klebanov to convey his cordial greetings and best regards to putin on his return home .
jiang zemin pointed out : whether viewed through the prism of history or the present , there are bright prospects for sino - russian cooperation . the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership established at the initiative of chinese and russian leaders has promoted the comprehensive development of exchanges and cooperation in various fields between the two countries , advanced the movement toward a multipolar world , and enhanced the international standing of both countries .
he said : practice has proved that the establishment of a strategic cooperative partnership between china and russia is indeed a wise choice of historical significance [ li shi xing de zheng que jue ze $number $number $number $number $number $number $number $number ] . in the new millennium and the new century , the two sides should take a long view and become good neighbors , good partners , and good friends who trust each other , engage in cooperation , and pursue common development .
jiang zemin expressed full confidence in the future of sino - russian relations .
klebanov $number conveyed cordial greetings and best regards from acting president putin to president jiang zemin .
he said that his current visit to china is an important mission in preparation for a visit to china by the new president to be elected in russia 's presidential election .
he said : acting president putin attaches great importance to relations with china . russia will continue to pursue a policy of friendly relations and cooperation with china , and it firmly supports [ jian jue zhi chi $number $number $number $number ] china 's principled stand on the taiwan issue . on the international arena , it will continue its efforts to advance the process of creating a multipolar world .
he said that acting president putin is looking forward to meeting president jiang as soon as possible .
klebanov gave a briefing on russia 's economic situation .
he said : russia 's various economic sectors are showing steady growth . the russian government is determined to overcome the crisis and lead the country gradually onto the path of prosperity and development .
jiang zemin said that russia is a great nation , and he believes that the russian people will successfully develop their country .
he said : china thanks russia for its support on the taiwan issue ; it supports the russian government 's stand on the chechnya issue and the actions taken there . this will not change .
jiang zemin said that he is looking forward to this year 's sino - russian summit .
beijing , $date (zts) - - as to the recent criticism by un human rights high commissioner ms. robinson that china 's handling of the " falungong " matter is a " human rights regression , " cas academician he zuoxiu , who is famous for attacking pseudo - science , said today that " ms. robinson is just too confused !
falungong has harmed so many people ! "
cppcc member he zuoxiu was besieged by reporters at the opening cppcc session today .
in response to the view of ms. robinson on the falungong matter , he said : this is not a human right regression , but rather progress . falungong has harmed so many , is still doing so , and ms. robinson is just too confused !
if the chinese government had not dealt with it , falungong would still be harming people . while we of course do not exclude the possibility that a few incidents may have been handled wrongly in the process , the overall decision was right .
he describes the current crackdown on pseudo - science thus : " while the situation is generally good , the mission will be heavy and protracted , " so we need to continue with exposures .
he zuoxiu said that he is today mainly proposing a bill recommending that the npc standing committee draft a " press oversight law . "
he said : while president jiang zemin has stressed the need for stronger press oversight legislation , the drafting of a " press law " remains difficult , involving too many problems . so we could $number draft a " press oversight law , " to give press oversight a law to rely on on one hand , while protecting the relevant rights and interests of reporters on the other .
upon its publication , general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech delivered during his inspection in guangdong has evoked strong repercussions in china 's developed coastal areas .
today , an educational activity centering around the main theme of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off " is being carried out in an extensive and thoroughgoing way in china 's developed coastal areas .
the vast numbers of cadres and masses in these areas are sharing the same view : general secretary jiang zemin 's speech has spoken the mind of the people in coastal areas . we coastal areas could not have attained the great economic growth over the past several years without the party 's policy of reform and opening up and without the support of the people of the entire country ; therefore , we should " always remember where our wealth comes from . "
li changchun , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and provincial party secretary of guangdong , indicated : in our efforts to " always remember where our wealth comes from , " we should know where the " source " of our wealth lies .
the " source " lies in deng xiaoping theory , the party 's basic line , and the correct leadership of the party central committee .
now that we have become better - off today , we should ask ourselves the question " where our wealth comes from " at all times .
zhou weimin , deputy director of the coordination office under the shanghai municipal government , said : ever since the [ as published ] of $date , under the guidance of the policy decision of the party central committee and the state council on developing and opening pudong to the outside world , shanghai has undergone tremendous development .
in this development is embodied the painstaking work of the people of the entire country , including the people in poverty - stricken areas .
xu guanju , member of the cppcc national committee and director of the zhejiang chuanhua group , stressed : within as short a span as $number years , the chuanhua group , which started with capital of only $number yuan , has grown into a large enterprise with an annual sales volume of $number yuan ; and has successfully led the local masses to achieve prosperity . a fundamental reason for this is the party 's policy of reform and opening up .
dongguan village in binjiang prefecture of hangzhou city is known as the " most rich village " along the qiantang jiang . village party secretary zhang fangxiang told this reporter : the per capita income in dongguan village was less than $number at the end $date , yet it reached as much as $number yuan last year . the speech by the general secretary and the practice of dongguan village have made the villagers see clearly that china 's rural areas ought to rely on the correct leadership of the communist party and unswervingly take the road of reform and opening up if they want to completely extricate themselves from poverty and head for prosperity .
general secretary jiang 's important speech has enhanced the awareness of the vast numbers of cadres and masses for the overall situation and the overall interests of the country .
they have expressed their determinations one after another to overcome the narrow mentality of " resting content after attaining a small victory and after becoming just a little better - off than before ; " establish the concept of coordinating efforts with other regions of the country as on a single chessboard , as well as the concept that those who become rich $number should help the latecomers ; vigorously develop the productive forces ; and make greater contributions to the country .
in taicang city , which has ranked as jiangsu 's $number in per capita gnp for many years running , city party secretary xu jianming noted : the mentality of " resting content after attaining a small victory and after becoming just a little better - off than before " is an expression of the small - peasant economy , and has already become an ideological obstacle that hinds the progress of the country 's socialist modernization building . in fact , the $number - year - long process of reform and opening up is precisely a process of constantly breaking away from this mentality of the small - peasant economy . general secretary jiang 's idea of launching the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off " in the country 's developed coastal areas has come out at a good time , and there is no mistaking what the activity is aimed at .
fuzhou mayor weng fulin noted : the year $number is a year in which a new century supersedes the old , a year of decisive significance to our fulfillment of $number five - year plan , and also a year in which we create conditions and lay a sound foundation for the implementation of the $number five - year plan .
in such an important year , fuzhou is determined to grasp well its work in $number aspects , including its economic structural readjustment , in a down - to - earth manner .
the city party committee of shenzhen stressed that shenzhen will take the overall situation into account and successfully carry out its work in all aspects by way of " creating new advantages , scaling new heights , and taking the lead in basically realizing socialist modernizations . "
the city will make vigorous efforts to push forward the building of a socialist spiritual civilization , and lay stress on a successful implementation of the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progresses after becoming better - off . "
as an experimental ground for china 's reform and opening up , shenzhen has attained world - acclaimed achievements over the past year , the living standards of our masses have been improved on a constant basis , and our people are leading a well - off and happy life today .
at such a moment , we should see clearly the reason why we can attain such tremendous achievements in reform , opening up , and economic construction , so that we can further strengthen our confidence , guard against arrogance and rashness , continue to strive for new results with unremitting efforts on the basis of the achievements we have already attained , and push shenzhen 's building of two civilizations to a new height .
general secretary jiang zemin 's speech delivered in guangdong has greatly aroused the enthusiasm of coastal areas in further participating in the large - scale development of the country 's western region .
shanghai has made its plan clear : never forgetting that shanghai belongs to the entire country , the city will play well the china card , and will do a good job in providing counterpart assistance and support for other regions .
at present , shanghai has conscientiously engaged itself in all kinds of preparations for its participation in the large - scale development of the country 's western region , including conducting studies on special subjects , and incorporating the work of serving and participating in the large - scale development of the country 's central and western regions into shanghai 's $number five - year plan as a major content ; encouraging enterprises in shanghai to adopt diversified means to push forward the development of the central and western regions ; and further reinforcing the service functions of shanghai as a central city , expanding the fields of services for the development of the central and western regions , and enhancing the quality of its services .
large enterprise groups in qingdao city of shandong province are actively carrying out the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off ; " and have shown their determination to firmly seize the new opportunity of the large - scale development of the country 's western region , accelerate the pace of structural readjustment and product transfers , exchange intangible assets for tangible property rights and resources , exchange products for a greater market share , exchange its advantage in seaports for an advantage in a sufficient supply of goods for exports , and make new contributions to both the economic development of qingdao city and the economic rejuvenation of the country 's western region .
party organizations at all levels in developed coastal areas have made conscientious efforts to study and comprehend the gist of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech delivered during his inspection in guangdong , and have carried out among the vast numbers of party - member cadres and masses the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off . "
the provincial party committee of zhejiang has stressed the need to carry out the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progresses after becoming better - off " in all parts of the province , unfold a general study and a general discussion in the province 's ideological and political education , arouse the patriotic enthusiasm of the vast numbers of cadres and masses , and strengthen their conviction in building socialism with chinese characteristics .
relevant departments in zhejiang have already begun to organically integrate the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off " with the province 's ongoing education on agricultural and rural modernizations .
changzhou city in jiangsu province has opened special columns , published serial reports , and initiated a large - scale discussion in the press , with a view to guiding the vast numbers of cadres and masses to gain a correct understanding of the new changes that have taken place in china 's economic development conditions today , further emancipate their mind and renew their concepts , and to think and act in line with the criterion of " three beneficial 's . "
meanwhile , suzhou city has carried out in depth an education on the party 's basic theories , basic line , and basic principles , as well as an education on patriotism , collectivism , and socialism ; and has taken steps to strengthen people 's common ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - having been a municipality for just three years , chongqing will soon be involved in the large - scale development of the western region .
with the forthcoming opportunity , the national people 's congress [ npc ] deputies from chongqing municipality have brought here with them the great enthusiasm and longing of the people of all walks of life there for taking part in the large - scale development of the western region , as well as their own sober - minded consideration in this regard .
they propose that it is necessary to understand and arrange the work of the large - scale development of the western region with the interests of the whole in mind , with a sense of responsibility , in a reform spirit , and in consideration of strategic needs .
as a prelude to the strategy of large - scale development of the western region , the decision on turning chongqing into a municipality was made at a meeting of $number session of $number npc three years ago .
after three years of hard work , chongqing has made great achievements in all aspects of economic and social development and begun to enjoy the opportunity and benefits that only a few cities directly under the central government enjoy .
facing the great upsurge of the large - scale development of the western region , how should chongqing municipality seize this great opportunity ?
the remarks made by he guoqiang , npc deputy and secretary of the chongqing municipal cpc committee , are concise and comprehensive - - advocating cooperation , opposing exclusiveness and stepping up service .
he said : chongqing is a key link between the eastern region and the central western region , as well as a city with a very large amount of resources and comparatively adequate industrial support .
the large - scale development of the western region is a strategic policy decision made by $number - generation central leading collective at the turn of the centuries . chongqing municipality , as the only municipality in china 's western region , should fully consider the responsibility assigned to it by the central authorities , the interests of the whole , and its role of serving the western region and promoting development in the region when making its own plan for developing the western region .
each of the provinces and autonomous regions in the western region has its strength . chongqing should not narrow - mindedly consider only its own development to fight for higher status and more authorized projects .
specifically , when the state is making the overall plan for projects in the western region , the city should not try to get and start any investment projects indiscriminately . instead , it should consider its own strengths and weaknesses , resolutely do well whatever it can do well , and never give up any feasible cooperative project . it should actively help fraternal provinces and regions in building well some projects that require it to render some service only .
chongqing should resolutely participate in and support any projects so long as they can greatly promote the development of the western region , even if they are of little benefit to chongqing .
by cooperating with and serving others , chongqing should solve well the problem of redundant industrial structure that is likely to occur during the course of developing the western region . by serving others , it should strengthen itself , attain the goal of " striving to turn chongqing into an economic center on the upper reaches of the chang jiang put forward by general secretary jiang zemin , and join the western provinces and autonomous regions in building a great economic circle of sustainable development in the western region .
he guoqiang said : to chongqing , the large - scale development of the western region is an extension of the opportunity enjoyed exclusively by municipalities . by active participation in the large - scale development of the western region , chongqing will be able to accomplish even better the four major tasks assigned to it by general secretary jiang zemin - - completing on schedule the task of resettling the people displaced by the three gorges project , rejuvenating old industrial bases , solving the problem of meeting the basic needs of impoverished people , and improving the ecological environment to achieve a sustainable development .
deputy zhao gongqing said : in infrastructure construction , chongqing will focus on building as soon as possible a number of large projects that have a bearing on the entire western region and promote regional development , and build a three - dimensional transport network connecting the region with other parts of the country .
in economic development , chongqing should join surrounding provinces and regions in planning a number of " heavy weight " resource development projects , such as the development of mineral resources , tourism resources , hydro - electric power resources , agricultural resources , ecological protection and re - construction projects .
in taking this golden opportunity for development , the various localities in the western region should not work separately as they used to do . they should $number build several core economic circles centered at such cities as chongqing , chengdu , xian , and lanzhou ; strive to create high - efficiency economic belts connecting the core economic circles , such as a chengdu - chongqing economic belt , a guanzhong [ central shaanxi ] economic belt , and a hexi [ gansu ] economic belt ; and bring about a rapid development in the entire western region .
deputy chen wanzhi said : an upsurge of developing the western region has been whipped up , but we should keep our heads cool . the wealth gap between the eastern region and the western region has been created $number years , not just $number years . so , many unfavorable factors still exist in the western region at present .
we should keep a clear head and must not make any strategic mistake again .
in development , the western region should strive to learn from the eastern region and from the experience of developed countries .
bao xuding , mayor of chongqing municipality , attended the npc session as a non - voting delegate . viewing the matter from a long - term and strategic angle , he proposed that chongqing should take advantage of the opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region , further emancipate its mind , renew concepts , accelerate reform , and create a good environment for development .
he said : the backwardness of the western region is due to historical causes and also other factors , such as insufficient state investment and relatively inadequate policies over the last decade or so ; but the decisive cause is that the western region falls behind the eastern region in terms of the emancipation of the mind and the reform efforts .
for this reason , while the western region is having a rare development opportunity , its actions and ideas must not merely aim at seeking more authorized projects and more investment . without reform as a driving force , the development of the western region will be like a satellite launched with insufficient fuel , which will soon fall to the ground after being launched .
one is to make a new breakthrough in the management systems by fine - tuning the municipal administrative system and economic regulation and control system , adapting them to chongqing 's actual conditions and making them highly efficient .
during his inspection tour of guangdong in the south not long ago , cpc general secretary jiang zemin emphasized on many occasions the necessity of trying $number ways to develop the economy and increase the economic strength of the mainland .
it has been learned that jiang zemin 's speeches made during his inspection tour of guangdong in the south $date are being relayed to cpc members and cadres at various levels in guangdong .
according to a relevant source , jiang zemin 's speeches made during his inspection tour of guangdong in the south this time have very rich contents and evidently , he had made preparation before he came .
speaking about the taiwan issue , jiang zemin said economic competition in fact exists between the mainland and taiwan . the mainland should try $number ways to boost economic construction , increase its economic strength , and improve the living standard of the people . otherwise , the taiwan people will not agree to reunification . we shall be compelled to fight if taiwan independence forces are in power .
it has been learned that during the inspection tour , jiang zemin met with cadres at and above the regimental level of troops garrisoned in maoming and shenzhen , and with cadres at and above the division level of the guangzhou military region , and listened to a work report by the standing committee of the party committee of the guangzhou military region .
it has been learned that jiang zemin asked the guangzhou military region to make great efforts to strengthen the science and technology training of troops in order to be able to win a local high - tech war that may break out in future and safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he said that regarding the election in taiwan , it is necessary to " prepare ourselves for both eventualities and watch changes quietly . " it is necessary to pay close attention to the trends of the taiwan independence forces . it is necessary to be prepared for holding peace talks with a person - elect who is willing to observe the " one - china " principle , and it is all the more necessary to be prepared to fight for reunification in case taiwan independence forces are in power . it is necessary to be ideologically prepared to dare to meet and resolutely win a modern high - tech war with the involvement of foreign forces even at a heavy cost .
jiang zemin also said that the cpc and the chinese government has never compromised in the least on such a major issue of principle of safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and it is absolutely impossible for any attempt to split up china to succeed .
jiang said that " taiwan independence means war " is absolutely not empty talk . however , the cpc and the chinese government will not give up its proposal on peaceful reunification either . we hope taiwan 's new leader will judge the hour , size up the situation , go with the historical trend of the times , and work in the interests of the taiwan people and all the people of china by promoting the great cause of peaceful reunification . we have also placed our hope on all the taiwan people .
it is necessary to make great efforts to properly " clear up doubts and uncertainty " of taiwan 's new leader and the taiwan people so that they will really understand the meaning of " one country , two systems " and really understand the sincerity of the cpc and the central government .
it has been learned that jiang zemin also said although we have extremely great sincerity , unilateral willingness will not work . we are not bellicose elements and we hope to have peace and need a stable situation for economic development . however , we cannot tolerate splitting up the country .
$number session of $number cppcc national committee opened in beijing yesterday ; $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] will open tomorrow .
more than $number npc deputies and cppcc members gathering in beijing from all quarters to attend the two sessions in this early spring is a major annual event in china 's political life .
at this year 's two sessions , participants will review and sum up government work of the past year , carry forward the achievements that have been scored , and discuss unresolved issues . people 's deputies will exercise their responsibilities as members of the highest organ of state power , while cppcc members will use the cppcc 's strong points as a pool of high - caliber talents to discuss matters of vital importance to the country 's construction and development .
china had more major events , more difficult problems , and more surprise incidents last year .
the chinese government has stood all kinds of rigorous tests in the complicated changing situation and scored remarkable achievements in the political , economic , social , science and technology , cultural , and diplomatic fields .
its major achievements include increasing domestic demands through macroeconomic regulation and control , helping state - owned large and medium - sized enterprises turn losses into profits , increasing export , implementing the strategy for developing the vast western region , and reaching accords with the united states on china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] .
in addition , the chinese government 's ban of the cult falungong and the nationwide drive to expose and repudiate it have dealt a powerful blow to the cult 's criminal activities designed to poison the public , disrupt social order , and subvert the government .
the taiwan issue is a major issue of concern to all chinese people .
in the wake of the reversion of hong kong and macao , china 's complete reunification has become the chinese nation 's principal mission in the new century .
last $date , the motherland launched a resolute struggle against lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui ] " two states theory , " and the struggle has led to in the theory 's complete bankruptcy .
not long ago , the state council taiwan affairs office and information office jointly published a white paper on taiwan , which explains in a deep - going and comprehensive way the chinese government 's consistent policy of resolving the taiwan issue through the method of " one country , two systems and peaceful reunification " under the principle of one china .
it is expected that during the two sessions , npc deputies and cppcc members will express their views on this issue and will pool their wisdom and efforts to push forward the great cause of china 's reunification .
this is a strategic shift in china 's economic construction .
for a large country like china , it is undoubtedly not enough to have only a developed and prosperous eastern coastal region . after the eastern region 's economic take - off , we are duty - bound to help and support the development of the western region . besides , developing the western region will create business opportunities for the eastern region .
like what it has done in the past when it actively participated in the development of the eastern coastal region , hong kong 's business community can also find new development opportunities if it invests in the western region . china is expected to join the wto this year .
it will have a far - reaching impact on china in all fields .
during the two sessions , many npc deputies and cppcc members will make proposals and suggestions on relevant policies .
it is expected that the two sessions will help create greater consensus on china 's accession to the wto and help china better prepared for its entry .
in addition to the three major themes , science and technology development and innovation , the development of education to promote the quality of people , state - owned enterprise reform , crackdown on corruption , and agriculture are important issues of concern and interest to people across the country , and they will be discussed in - depth at the two sessions .
state council leaders and heads of the various commissions , ministries , and departments will listen carefully to the views of npc deputies and cppcc members on improving administrative efficiency and standards .
this year , the macao special administrative region [ sar ] formed a npc delegation to attend the npc session for $number time . the delegation received warm welcome from other delegations . it is another song of triumph for the great solidarity of the chinese nation .
we wish the two sessions complete success .
notes on starting the column this year 's " two sessions " were held in an important period at the turn of the century .
with enthusiasm and a firm conviction , delegates reviewed and summarized the course of our struggle and the achievements we had attained . looking forward to $date , they were full of pride and eager to make progress .
on the occasion of the opening of the " two sessions , " which earnestly studied the implementation of the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's important speech , this newspaper has specially started a special column on " summarizing basic experiences and ushering in a new century " to better reflect delegates ' understanding and experience and encourage cadres and the masses to do solid work and to make unremitting efforts to complete full - year tasks , put finishing touches to the history of the chinese people 's century - old struggle , and open up good prospects for the comprehensive revitalization of the chinese nation in the new century .
in an important period at the turn of the century , delegates to the " two sessions " reviewed china 's tremendous changes in this century , particularly since reform and opening up and looked forward to the magnificent dawn of the great revitalization of the chinese nation in the next century . they more keenly realized that deng xiaoping theory had brought about china 's brilliance in the new period and generated the chinese nation 's magnificence in the new century .
although their age , positions , and experience were different , delegates always stuck to the common theme during discussions : the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core held high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory and opened up new prospects for china 's reform , opening up , and socialist modernization ; we should rally more closely round the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core and hold even higher the great banner of deng xiaoping theory . in this way , hopes and the future will belong to us .
delegate hu wei from the pudong new area of shanghai said : by establishing the guiding position of deng xiaoping theory in the entire party , $number - generation cpc leading collective made an outstanding contribution to the party 's undertakings and the building of socialism with chinese characteristics .
at $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee a decade ago , comrade jiang zemin made clear that we must unswervingly and fully implement the line of building socialism with chinese characteristics and a series of basic policies , which were formulated and formed by the cpc .
the $number cpc congress , which incorporated deng xiaoping theory and marxism - leninism , as well as mao zedong thought into the party constitution as the guiding ideas for the cpc , demanded that the entire party uphold deng xiaoping theory and enrich and develop this theory constantly and creatively in practice .
this shows that the party has a completely mature understanding of this scientific theory and upheld the theory more conscientiously , clearheadedly , and firmly .
the $number cpc congress held high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory and stressed the paramount importance of the banner issue . the banner is the orientation and image . no theory but the deng xiaoping theory that integrates marxism with the practice of contemporary china and the characteristics of the times can resolve the issues of the socialist future and fate .
it is precisely under the guidance of this scientific theory that in just a decade , pudong has taken on the development road characterized by a high starting point of internationalization , greatly intensified urbanization , and rapid modernization ; realized the changes from an old to a new urban pattern , from a small to a large economic aggregate , and from simplistic to efficient and comprehensive urban functions , and from a single to an omnidirectional and broad - field , and multilevel mode of development and capital introduction , and from relatively backward to coordinated socioeconomic development in social undertakings .
delegate zhao mingen from zhulin town in henan province said : for the past decade , our party has always held high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory ; steadfastly persisted in taking economic construction as the central task , the four cardinal principles , and the basic line of reform and opening up ; and repeatedly stressed the need to unswervingly uphold the party 's basic line for a century . whatever happens at home or abroad , it can correctly handle the relationship of dialectical unity of " one central task and two basic points " and has always seized the central task of economic construction .
china 's basic rural changes are attributable to the correct guidance of deng xiaoping theory and to the firm leadership of $number - generation leading core .
zhulin has developed from a hillside village short of water and food into a modern town with all kinds of functions . its people , who had worked as farmers for generations , have become town dwellers who created and enjoyed modern civilization .
farmers thank deng xiaoping at heart and considered deng xiaoping theory the most useful theory of contemporary china that has brought tangible benefits to them .
delegate liu hanzhang from the handan iron and steel group said : the cpc central committee has always persisted in arming the entire party with marxism - leninism and mao zedong thought , particularly with deng xiaoping theory ; in taking deng xiaoping theory as a guide to party and state action ; and in fully , correctly , and actively implementing the line , principle and policy established by comrade deng xiaoping . it has unceasingly raised the conscientiousness and staunchness of all party comrades in implementing the basic party line of " one central task and two basic points . "
without such conscientiousness and staunchness , the reform and development of state enterprises are out of the question .
in the face of keen competition in recent years , handan has shifted its focus to product development and quality improvement and has developed new high value - added products . though limiting the production of overstocked commodities and reducing its inventory , it reaped $number in profits last year .
the people of handan deeply feel that to have a new outlook in the new century , handan cannot depart at any moment from deng xiaoping theory .
shi ziqing , hong kong member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , said : deng xiaoping theory is a new stage of marxist development in china . the " one country , two systems " theory is mr. deng xiaoping 's contribution to marxism .
this theory achieved tremendous success in the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland .
the fact that hong kong has enjoyed economic prosperity and social stability and that its people have lived in peace and contentment since its reversion two years ago has proved and will continue to prove the greatness and correctness of the theory .
the successful founding of these enterprises is attributable to the great initiative of " one country , two systems . "
it was even more heartening that after mr. deng xiaoping 's passing , mr. jiang zemin carried out his behest and put forward the " eight - point proposition " on the resolution of the taiwan issue . this is the enrichment and development of the " one country , two systems " theory .
cppcc member pan junmi , $number - class commissioner of the united nations population fund , said : i have resided in new york for a long time . i usually contact professors , lawyers , and doctors and deeply feel that most overseas chinese compatriots support the correct proposal of " one country , two systems and peaceful reunification . "
the great concept is the great initiative for the ultimate accomplishment of the reunification of the motherland . it is not only scientific but is the sole theory .
it is scientific because it is feasible , as evidenced by its successful practice in the reversion of hong kong and macao . it is the sole theory because mr. deng xiaoping fully understood the international and domestic situations and found the only correct road to realizing the motherland 's reunification by peaceful means .
i believe that under the guidance of deng xiaoping theory , the taiwan issue will be correctly resolved . a unified and powerful china surely will stand like a giant in the new century .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - speaking at $number news conference for $number session of $number national people 's congress here today , session spokesman zeng jianhui said that change of leaders in the taiwan region must not have consequences that will lead possibly to the division of china such as " taiwan independence , " nor can it change the fact that taiwan is part of china .
in response to a reporter 's question on the recent activities in taiwan that will bring about change of leaders in the region , zeng jianhui said : the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland has made the task of early resolution of the taiwan question and realizing a complete reunification of the motherland stand out even more prominently before the chinese people .
it is also the common aspiration of all chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots .
zeng jianhui said : we hope that the taiwan authorities will not run against the historical trend and will not create obstacles to the development of cross - strait relations and reunification of the motherland .
we will never sit idle by when confronted with any attempt to split the motherland and promote " taiwan independence . "
he said : we will adhere to the basic principles of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and the eight - point proposal on developing cross - strait relations and promoting a peaceful reunification of china put forward by president jiang zemin , and continue to work hard to advance the great cause of the motherland 's peaceful reunification .
we hope that the two sides across the taiwan strait conduct dialogue and negotiations based on the principle of " one china " and develop healthy cross - strait relations .
cpc general secretary and chinese president jiang zemin and politburo standing committee member and cppcc chairman li ruihuan this morning called on the members of the chinese kmt and taiwan democratic self government league who are attending $number session of $number cppcc , taking part in the joint session , and hearing the views and suggestions of committee members .
jiang zemin stressed that : hong kong and macao have both returned to the embrace of the motherland .
this was a crucial victory on our path to complete national reunification .
so a final solution to the taiwan problem , to achieve our complete national reunification , has become a more pressing aspiration and demand of the chinese people .
the chinese government and people have the confidence and ability to solve the taiwan problem soon , to complete our great cause of national reunification .
since we cross - strait compatriots are like brothers , we should together endeavor to achieve an early complete national reunification .
at the joint session , the committee members gave their views on matters such as national reunification , cppcc work , cross - strait economic and trade ties after wto membership , the grand development of western china , and taiwan investment .
chinese kuomintang central committee honorary vice chairman jia yibin , taiwan democratic self government league central committee vice chairman wu guozhen , national taiwan coalition vice president shi sihao , taiwan democratic self government league central committee standing member zheng lizhi , national taiwan coalition vice president su minsheng , taiwan democratic self government league central committee standing member lin donghai , and beijing university china economic studies center director lin yifu said in statements that they fully endorse the principles stated in the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem , " firmly supporting the stern position and all steps taken by the chinese government to promote national reunification and defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
they noted that : we need to intensively study , publicize , and implement central principles and policies on taiwan , intensifying our study of taiwan history and public opinion , to work conscientiously with the taiwan people , and opening up further to taiwan investment , to promote the development of cross - strait economic and trade relations .
chinese kmt central committee vice chairman zhu peikang said about cppcc work that cppcc work should always insist on taking a macro - perspective , paying attention to crucial matters involving national principles and policies , the national economy , and the people 's livelihood , to provide reference for central policy - making .
chinese kmt central committee standing committee member and gansu province people 's political consultative conference vice chairman deng chengcheng noted that faster environment building and infrastructure construction are the grounds and basis for the grand development of western china .
jiang zemin listened and took notes , joining in at times on certain matters and joint debates by committee members .
upon hearing statements by committee members , jiang zemin spoke .
he extended cordial greetings and best wishes to all committee members and to the masses of taiwan compatriots through the committee members .
jiang zemin said that to solve the taiwan problem , we will continue to pursue the basic policy of " peaceful reunification under one country , two systems , " continuing to implement the eight - point position set forth $date on developing cross - strait relations to promote national reunification .
the white paper that we issued recently on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem " fully expresses our firm position on insisting on the one - china principle .
since peaceful reunification will be favorable to our taiwan compatriots and the whole chinese people , and favorable to the peace and development of the asia - pacific region and even the world , it will be the best way to solve the taiwan problem .
in the basic interests of our cross - strait compatriots , we are making the greatest efforts , doing all possible to solve the taiwan problem peacefully .
of course , the prerequisite is that we must adhere to the one - china principle .
but we will absolutely not promise to renounce the use of force .
if a crucial incident occurs that would separate taiwan from china on any pretext , if there is a foreign invasion of taiwan , or if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to peacefully solve the cross - strait problem through negotiations , the chinese government will be forced to take all possible drastic steps to defend china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
this is our consistent stand .
the chinese people have never feared ghosts or believed in evil spirits , and we will all firmly oppose sinister actions that would endanger the basic interests of the chinese nation .
any plots to fabricate " taiwan independence , " " two china 's , " or " one china , one taiwan , " no matter by what taiwan person , political party , or political faction , and regardless of what outside forces are supporting them logistically , cannot succeed , being bound to face outright failure .
jiang zemin noted that the taiwan people have a glorious tradition of patriotism .
thus , we are continuing as always to place our wholehearted hopes on the taiwan people .
we believe that , as to major matters of principle involving national sovereignty and territorial integrity , the basic interests of the chinese nation , and the future and fate of taiwan , our taiwan compatriots will definitely make the right choice .
i want to take this opportunity to solemnly state again that we fully respect the aspirations of the taiwan people to be the masters of their own affairs and their economic development , defending the vital interests of our taiwan compatriots .
we want to engage in widespread engagement and intercourse with all taiwan party factions , groups , and figures that adhere to the one - china principle , steadily increasing understanding and strengthening consensus , in a joint effort to promote the development of cross - strait relations and peaceful national reunification .
we hope that , when the time is ripe , we will resume cross - strait dialogue and negotiations grounded in the one - china principle , in an effort to settle our differences through consultation , paving the way for the development of cross - strait relations , to lay the grounds for our eventual complete national reunification .
we urge our taiwan compatriots to fully understand and correctly interpret our principles and policies on taiwan , intensifying their understanding of their native mainland china , to create favorable terms for an early solution of the taiwan problem .
jiang zemin said : all of you cppcc members have done much outstanding work to help the party and government implement our taiwan principles and policies , uniting our taiwan compatriots both in china and abroad .
we hope that you will continue your efforts , to make a new contribution to promoting cross - strait personnel intercourse , economic and cultural interaction , and an early solution of the taiwan problem .
the party committee and government at all levels need to firmly implement all party and government principles , policies , and laws on our taiwan compatriots , to defend their legal rights and interests .
we firmly believe that , through the joint efforts of all chinese , including our taiwan compatriots , our compete national reunification will definitely be achieved .
the discussion was chaired by cppcc vice chairman and chinese kmt central committee permanent vice chairman zhou tienong .
figures such as npc standing committee vice chairman and chinese kmt central committee chairman he luli , cppcc vice chairmen ye xuanping and wang zhaoguo , and cppcc vice chairman and taiwan democratic self government league central committee chairman zhang kehui took part in the discussion .
accompanied by cppcc vice chairmen chen junsheng , hu qili , chen jinhua , and jing shuping , zhu rongji , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , came to the residence of cppcc members from the economic circles attending $number session of $number cppcc , and discussed state affairs with them .
the meeting was a scene of great enthusiasm , and the members vied with one another to take the floor to such an extent that member fang weizhong , who chaired today 's meeting , had to declare : i am forced to exercise the right as the chairmen of this meeting and introduce a macro - control .
this remark made zhu rongji and other participating members laugh .
' we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views ' [ subhead ] originally , there was no member from hong kong among those scheduled to speak at today 's meeting .
during the discussion , zhu rongji said : we have members from hong kong , do we not ?
we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views . do not just talk in hong kong , please also air your views here .
three cppcc members from hong kong , tieh pei - chun [ $number $number $number ] , chuang chi - chen [ $number $number $number ] , and lu tsung - lin [ $number $number $number ] , aired their views on issues concerning hong kong 's economy , stock market , and scientific and technological development .
zhu rongji consented to some of their views , saying that the central authorities are always in support of hong kong 's efforts to maintain its status as an international financial center .
he expressed hope that hong kong 's economy can recover in all aspects as soon as possible ; and he also believed that hong kong will have a more magnificent prospect as a result of china 's upcoming accession to the wto .
' i dared to offend you because you are my fellow townsman ' [ subhead ] in view that too many people wished to speak at the meeting , those members who got a chance to speak were asked to make their points as brief and clear as possible .
however , member li juewen , director of the sanxiang group company ltd . , failed to come to the point long after he started to talk .
seeing this , zhu rongji interrupted and said : my fellow townsman , you had better go directly to substantive issues now .
later , zhu rongji apologized to li juewen : i was a bit impolite just now . i ask for you understanding , for i was too eager to hear your substantive opinions next .
i would not have made such a rash act if you were not my fellow townsman . i dared to offend you because you are my fellow townsman .
' i have an opportunity to speak tomorrow ' [ subhead ] at today 's meeting , $number members aired their views and made suggestions on issues concerning the rural economy , state enterprise reform , the development of the western region , and increases in salary .
zhu rongji listened to them attentively , taking notes from time to time .
all members at the meeting wanted zhu rongji to give a speech , yet zhu rongji said : i have an opportunity to talk tomorrow , talk for the whole morning . if you have more to say today , please feel free to do so .
after the members finished giving their views , zhu rongji indicated : all your suggestions and opinions are good . i have written them down in my notebook , and will surely study them with all seriousness . all these views are of great value , and they are also what the state council is studying day and night .
many people have not had a chance to speak at today 's meeting ; yet so long as you write to me and put forward your opinions , your letters can all reach me and will not be intercepted by anyone .
your views are of great help to improving the work of the government , and will prove highly constructive to promoting our democratic and scientific decision - making process .
therefore , i would like to express my sincere thanks to all of you here .
zeng jianhui [ $number $number $number ] , a news spokesman for $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , today said : the current npc will do all it can to complete the compilation of the civil code within its term of office after all relevant individual laws are basically ready .
according to him , this is one of the major aspects of the current npc 's legislative target of forming a preliminary socialist legal system with chinese characteristics by the end of its term of office .
$number session of $number npc today held its $number news conference at the great hall of the people .
according to zeng jonah 's briefing at the conference : over the past $number years of reform and opening to the outside world , the npc and its standing committee have drawn up $number laws and decisions on legal matters , $number of which were drawn up by $number npc and its standing committee in the last two years .
in addition , the state council has drawn up $number sets of administrative laws , and regulations and local people 's congresses and their standing committees have drawn up $number local laws and regulations .
zeng jianhui said : one of the current npc 's focuses in legislation is to pay close attention to drawing up relevant laws according to the needs of reform , development , and stability in the country at present .
in addition to the constitutional amendment drawn up in $date last year , the npc also drew up the contract law , the securities law , the public bidding law , the law governing individually invested enterprises , the decision on revising the company law , and the amendment to the penal code , as well as legislation for further improving the market economy such as the decisions on strengthening examination of and supervision over the central authorities ' budgeting and on strengthening supervision over economic work .
in advancing the development of socialist democratic politics , the npc revised the law governing organization of villagers ' committees and drew up and adopted the administrative reconsideration law .
on the major legislative activities at present , zeng jianhui said : we are mainly studying in earnest the revision of the company law , pushing forward the drafting of the social security law , strengthening legislation in the areas of science and education , drawing up and revising laws pertaining to the financial services industry and international economic relations and trade , and paying close attention to drafting the supervision law .
we wish to finish revising the law for regional autonomy of minority nationalities this year . we are also going to pay close attention to drawing up the real rights law , the state - owned assets law , and others .
speaking of the only draft law that will be deliberated at this npc session - - the draft legislation law - - zeng jianhui said : the legislation law , which contains specific , unequivocal legal provisions on important issues in legislative activities , will serve to normalize legislative activities .
zeng jianhui also revealed that relevant departments in china are currently studying and revising some laws to prepare for accession to the wto .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - zeng jianhui , spokesman of $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , today confirmed that cheng kejie , vice chairman of the standing committee of the npc , is suspected of being involved in activities violating the law and discipline and is now reflecting on his own problems while being investigated .
zeng jianhui said : cheng kejie has asked the npc and its standing committee for a leave , and the npc standing committee , after studying his request , has decided to approve his request for absence from the npc session and to agree that he does not become a member of the presidium of the npc session .
cheng kejie has served as chairman of the guangxi autonomous regional government and is a deputy elected by the guangxi autonomous regional people 's congress .
zhou chengkui , deputy secretary general of the npc standing committee , told reporters that before cheng kejie can be removed from his npc position , the guangxi regional people 's congress must $number remove him from his position as a people 's deputy .
zhang zhaozhong , noted military theoretician and professor at the national defense university , is of the view that peaceful reunification is the guiding principle on the resolution of the taiwan issue .
unless taiwan breaches the three " ifs " outlined in the white paper , and the mainland cannot but use force against it , the current favorable situation should not be lightly undermined .
" junshi bolan bao " published here today an exclusive interview with zhang zhaozhong regarding the taiwan issue .
zhang zhaozhong said in the exclusive interview that if the mainland is really to make war on taiwan , it is by no means a task to be completed by one armed service ; it requires the joint operation of the army , the navy , the air force , and $number artillery corps against taiwan .
this will be a local war under high - tech conditions , and our whole nation is likely to be mobilized for national defense . in this battle , the state may shift its focus from economic construction to winning the war .
professor zhang added : i think peaceful reunification is the guiding principle on the resettlement of the taiwan issue . eaceful reunification and one country , two systems is what deng xiaoping entrusted to us .
as taiwan 's presidential elections are to be held soon , we can still wait patiently to see if a better opportunity will come .
for $number $number years of the $number years after new china was founded , the mainland was preparing for war . only for the remaining $number years did it launch reform and opening up , as well as economic construction .
our country has become increasingly prosperous and its comprehensive national strengthen has been enhanced significantly .
therefore , we should continue to uphold the strategy centering on economic construction . unless taiwan breaches the three " ifs " outlined in the white paper , and the mainland cannot but use force against it , the present favorable situation should not be lightly undermined .
policy decisions on war or peace , as well as on fighting the war early or later , should be made from the national strategic perspective and from a viewpoint of national economic construction as a whole .
the state should not consider making war for the sake of war .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - at a news briefing held by $number session of $number national people 's congress (npc) today , spokesman of the session zeng jianhui said china has basically established the anti - corruption legal system and in the future , the npc and its standing committee will continue to strengthen work in this respect .
zeng jianhui said that in anti - corruption work , the npc and its standing committee have formulated one after another the decision on severely cracking down on economic crimes , the supplementary provisions on punishing crimes of corruption and bribery , and the supplementary provisions on punishing smuggling ; and special chapters of the revised criminal law stipulate punishment for crimes of corruption and bribery . these , together with the administrative supervision law , the administrative punishment law and other laws formulated in recent years , have basically formed the anti - corruption legal system .
regarding the issue of china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) , zeng jianhui said various relevant departments in china are making preparations , including relevant legal preparation , for joining wto in accordance with the principles of wto and the commitments made , as well as the principle of rights being commensurate with obligations .
he said that china takes a solemn and responsible attitude toward the commitments it has made in the process of joining wto .
after joining wto , china can entirely fulfill its commitments and perform its due obligations .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - a delegation of the chinese people 's liberation army (pla) to attend $number session of $number national people 's congress (npc) has been formed .
through election , zhang wannian acts as the head of the delegation , and chi haotian and yu yongbo act as the deputy heads of the delegation .
zhang wannian made a speech at a meeting to mark the formation of the delegation yesterday .
he emphasized the necessity of giving prominence to key points , linking with the reality of the armed forces , closely centering around the two historical themes of " being able to win " and " not changing color " facing the pla , thinking deeply about how to keep abreast of the new trends in the world 's military development and how to bring about development in big strides in the modernization of the armed forces , and putting forward suggestions and proposals that show real knowledge and deep insight .
he said that being npc deputies , it is necessary to be clear about our historical responsibility and to enthusiastically put forward proposals and strategies for the modernization of the country and the armed forces .
it is necessary to enhance the sense of the overall situation and focus our thinking on the overall situation .
it is necessary to actively study , explore and discuss the general plan for the country 's economic construction and the invigoration and development of the society , and study and explore thoroughly new ideas and new methods for the armed forces to support and take part in the economic construction of the country .
it has been learned that the pla delegation to $number session of $number npc numbers $number people and the delegation is divided into eight groups for various activities .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - li lanqing , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , noted today when attending a joint meeting for the members of the cppcc national committee from the educational circles : the new century has brought severe challenges and extraordinary opportunities to education . therefore , we should establish the principle of promoting an all - round development of morality , intelligence , and physique ; turn the exam - oriented education to a quality - oriented education ; and give shape to a sound social environment which is favorable to a healthy physical and mental growth of our young students .
this morning , li lanqing came to the $number century hotel in beijing to attend the joint meeting for the members of the cppcc national committee from the educational circles .
li lanqing indicated : in the new century , the higher education in china is faced with severe challenges and extraordinary opportunities .
a knowledge economy has already been in sight ; and along with the development of the economy and the development of science and technology , a reform on the structure of our colleges and universities has become imperative . only when we increase investment under a new structure can higher education show its vigor .
he said : an era of knowledge capital is approaching . only when we stand on the front of the knowledge economy and only when we master the knowledge needed for maintaining our leading edge and for making innovations can china undergo a further development . in this sense , higher education is shouldered with heavy responsibilities .
he disclosed that a general principle on a two - level running of schools will be established in this year 's program for the reform and development of higher education .
gu chaohao , standing committee member of the cppcc national committee , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , and professor of the fudan university , announced the start of the joint meeting . a total of eight members , including yuan guiren , president of the beijing teachers ' university , gave their views at the meeting on how to correctly guide and assist the healthy growth of our young students , and how to bring true a quality - oriented education for middle and primary school students ; on the issues of able personnel and education in the large - scale development of china 's western region ; on the popularization of vocational education ; and on the issue of expanding the enrollment scale of colleges and universities .
after the members aired their views , which took a whole hour , a smiling li lanqing said : i know it is my turn to speak ; in fact , i also feel the great urge to talk .
when speaking of the issue of easing the burdens of middle and primary school students and promoting a quality - oriented education , li lanqing cited an example : meeting a primary school by chance one day , li lanqing asked the student : " how is the moral education conducted in your school lately ? "
the student answered : " the school has opened a ' si - pin ' course for us . "
li did not understand : " a ' shi bing [ dried persimmon ] ' course ? "
answer : " no , it is an educational course on ideology and morality . "
li asked again : " what is taught in the course then ? "
answer : " mathematics . "
according to li lanqing , this fact has served to reflect such a problem : in our efforts to turn the exam - oriented education into a quality - oriented education , we should $number seek unity of thinking ; and establish the principle of promoting an all - round development of morality , intelligence , and physique .
only when schools , families , and the society attend to the matter with concerted efforts can we give shape to a sound social environment which is favorable to a healthy physical and mental growth of our young students , can our younger generation grow up healthy and strong , and can china stand towering among the world 's family of nations $date .
when talking about the issue as how education can support the development of the country 's western region , li lanqing said : elementary education is of utmost importance .
the country 's eastern region can consider to provide counterpart support to the western region by sending them both exchange teachers and teaching equipment . we should have the determination to enhance the level of elementary education in china 's western region .
at the meeting , li lanqing also exchanged views with the members on such issues as vocational education , network education , and civilian - run education .
among those accompanying li lanqing in today 's group discussion were song jian , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and president of the chinese academy of engineering ; luo haocai , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee ; hao jianxiu , deputy minister of the state planning commission ; minister of education chen zhili ; minister of science and technology zhu lilan ; deputy minister of finance zhang youcai ; and zhang daocheng , deputy secretary general of the cppcc national committee .
" qiao bao " quotes an observer in a $date report noting that : some media have previously claimed that since the white paper issued by the chinese government on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem " has had a certain " negative effect , " they expect the prc to soften its stance .
but the position portrayed in the ongoing tv series " chinese army " shows that china 's leaders and the chinese government will absolutely not soften their stance at all on the matter of any form of " taiwan independence . "
there is plenty of proof to show that : the chinese government has firm contingency steps and strategic and tactical plans for any " contingency " in taiwan 's future .
any " taiwan independence " plot will be nothing but a case of " an egg breaking on the rocks . "
the report says that : since the impressive martial display of the $number [ national day ] parade , why is the display continuing through the tv series " chinese army ? "
an official military source says that the $number parade showed a static exterior view of the weaponry , while the " chinese army " shows its real combat effectiveness integrating man with machine .
so it is undoubtedly an empirical interpretation of the " resolve and capability to defend national reunification " that the chinese army has repeatedly declared .
since the tv series " chinese army " has been showing , it is believed that a so - called " armed threat theory " will steadily appear .
in which respect , a beijing taiwan expert notes that on basic matters involving national sovereignty and reunification , there is no issue of threat versus no threat , because the armed forces per se are a deterrent force to defend national security .
the " chinese army " is a show for sensible people . if certain diehard " taiwan independence " figures do not understand , they are fooling either themselves , the voters , or the common people .
" qiao bao " is acting in line with the $number - part tv series " chinese army " to specially run $number exclusive issues on " a sharp display of china 's military might . "
$number one today has graphics and text comprehensively introducing the $date of the chinese army into $date .
the new york " ming bao " and " shijie ribao " are carrying news today on the cctv " chinese army " issued by " zhongyang she . "
" shijie ribao " stresses that " the scenes of various exercises shown at the opening of the cppcc to taiwan on the eve of its general election will have a strong visual impact . "
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - this morning , zhu rongji , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc committee and premier of the state council , went to where committee members from the economic circles attending $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) stay , attended their joint - group meeting , listened to the views and proposals of the committee members , and joined their discussion .
the atmosphere was lively and enthusiastic at the meeting where $number people attended and the committee members took the floor one after another .
committee member wu jinglian $number aired his views on how to speed up the building of the rural financial system and the establishment of a science and technology renovation system .
he said the work to rectify the rural financial order has been fairly well done in the past two years . however , the progress in the establishment of a new rural financial system has been relatively slow and cannot meet the needs of the development of the rural economy . he suggested speeding up work in this respect .
he also held that to develop high - tech industries in our country , it is necessary to study and use for reference the systems and policies to promote science and technology renovation in foreign countries .
committee member he zhukang said that the central authorities decision to regard readjusting the structure of agriculture and the rural economy and improving quality and efficiency as the central task is entirely correct .
developing high - quality , high - efficiency agriculture and green agriculture is a way to increase the peasants ' income , and is also the need to improve the economic structure . to bring about such development , we should mainly depend on rousing the enthusiasm of peasants , respecting objective economic laws and the laws of nature , and using the market as guidance .
besides , the government should also provide help and support .
in his speech , committee member duan yongji suggested concentrating efforts on building the zhongguancun high - tech park into a national center of technological renovation and a national center for the transformation of technology , and adopting policies and measures to rouse the enthusiasm of the science and technology personnel and to promote the pioneering work in science and technology of zhongguancun .
committee member cai jiming suggested that the state should include extra - budgetary funds in budgets for management and strengthen supervision on the use of financial funds .
how to do a good job in the general development of the western region was a major topic in the speeches of the committee members .
committee member yin mingshan put forward that to speed up the development of the western region , it is necessary to use new mechanisms and methods to mainly develop the ability to " produce blood . "
committee member lai yaowu put forward that to implement the strategy to develop the western region , it is necessary to focus efforts on improving the investment environment of the western region . it is necessary to improve both the hard environment and the soft environment , and the crux is to attract capable personnel and keep them there .
committee member wang chaobin suggested that in developing the western region , it is necessary to pay attention to improving the overall quality of local leading cadres .
when he discovered committee members from hong kong had not yet made any speech , he said with special concern : " let committee members from hong kong have some time to air their views . "
with the premier 's " special concern , " tian beijun , zhuang qicheng , lu zonglin , and other committee members from hong kong spoke at the meeting one after another .
they gave a account of the economic development in hong kong and aired their views and made proposals on the economic policies of the country .
when the person presiding over the meeting proposed to leave some time for the premier to air his views , zhu rongji said : " i have come to listen to your views and committee members should speak more . "
committee members liu haikuan , tian wenhua , li juewen , li jianzhong , liu mingshan , zhang jialin and xu zhiyi aired their views one after another on expanding consumption demand , doing a good job in the reform of state - owned enterprises and in helping them solve problems , and making great efforts to development the software industry of our country .
he thanked members of the national committee for their support to the government 's work in the past year and for their valuable views and proposals .
he said the fact that the expected goal in the economic reform and development of our country was realized last year was the outcome of exercising control over the overall situation and the correct leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as its core , and is also the outcome of the concerted efforts and hard work of the whole nation .
so long as we seriously implement a series of central policies and measure to promote reform , opening up and economic development , correctly handle the relationship between reform , development and stability , we shall certainly be able to do this year 's work even better .
cppcc vice chairmen chen junsheng , hu qili , chen jinhua and jing shuping attended today 's joint - group meeting .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - hu jintao , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice president of the state , this afternoon paid a visit to chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee members without party affiliations and cppcc members from the communist youth league and all - china youth federation who were attending $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
zhang qia , a member without party affiliation and vice chairman of the population , resources and environment committee of the cppcc national committee , briefed the group on a survey that shows a mineral resources shortage in china .
he said that the due to the lack of adequate mineral resources china 's national economic development does not have sufficient support .
he proposed establishing a mineral resources reserve system and increasing efficiency in the use of mineral resources .
ye lang , a cppcc member without party affiliation and beijing university professor , called for improving the overall quality of youngsters .
he proposed strengthening humanities education in primary and middle schools and in colleges , paying more attention to developing humanities courses , and creating a healthy humanities environment in society .
jiang kun , a cppcc member from the all - china youth federation , said : in the internet age , $number percent of what appear on the internet are targeting young people . we must bring into play the important role of the internet in raising the overall cultural standards of youngsters .
chen zongde , zhao zhanyue , su jilan , tian zhaowu , liang yuning , qu qinyue , and deng tuanzi , cppcc members without party affiliation , expressed their views on developing the western region , supervising the cadres , and developing ethnic minority regions .
zhao yufen , li dawei , xue chao , ge jian , and guo guoqing , cppcc members from the communist youth league and the all - china youth federation , spoke on the issues of developing the country through science and education , building civilized youth communities , and promoting early reunification of the motherland .
the discussion was held in a lively atmosphere with members taking the floor one after another .
hu jintao listened to them attentively and asked them to clarify their views from time to time . he also made an impromptu speech .
during his discussion with cppcc members without party affiliations , hu jintao said : people without party affiliations are an irreplaceable and important force in china 's socialist modernization drive .
you are the representatives of compatriots without party affiliations in the cppcc . your participation in the cppcc gives you honor as well as obligation .
hu jintao urged cppcc national committee members to carry on the fine tradition of cooperating wholeheartedly with the cpc , treating each other with all sincerity , and actively make proposals to help the party and the government do a better job . he asked them to pay attention to their advantages and strong points and contribute more of their wisdom and resources to economic construction and social development , especially to implementing the strategy of developing the country through science and education , the strategy of achieving sustainable development , and the strategy for developing the vast western region . he asked them to establish extensive contact with daughters and sons of the chinese nation abroad , do a good job of winning the hearts of taiwan compatriots , and jointly promote early peaceful reunification of the motherland .
in the discussion with cppcc members from the communist youth league and the all - china youth federation , hu jintao stressed : young people in the contemporary era are a cross - century generation shouldering the historical responsibility of carrying forward the cause pioneered by our predecessors and forging ahead into the future .
whether working to accomplish their current mission or to achieve the long - term development objectives , political awareness and struggle are indispensable for our young people today .
communist youth league and all - china youth federation organizations must proceed from the overall and strategic perspective and do a good job of uniting , educating , and training the vast number of young people in order to bring their role into better play .
hu jintao particularly asked the all - china youth federation to continue holding high the banner of patriotism and socialism ; adhere to patriotism , unity , and progressive spirit ; make full use of their strong points ; and do fruitful work to further inspire young people to dedicate themselves to the motherland 's modernization cause , encourage them to dedicate themselves to the motherland 's reunification and ethnic unity , and help them grow healthily in the great practice of revitalizing china .
cppcc national committee vice chairmen zhang siqing and sun fuling attended this afternoon 's discussions .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - an important speech made by general secretary jiang zemin during his inspection of guangdong has evoked strong , nationwide repercussions .
for the last few days , cadres at various levels in various localities have been conscientiously studying the spirit of this speech and extensively conducting the " three stresses " education , promoting the development of various undertakings .
they unanimously held : the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core pays close attention to the " three stresses " education , and comrade jiang zemin has gone to basic units to mobilize people to conduct this education , setting an example of administering the party strictly and being truthful and realistic and strengthening people 's confidence in the successful conduct of the " three stresses " education .
districts and counties under beijing municipality have held meetings of cadres one after another , conveying the spirit of the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong and having lively discussions on the speech according to actual conditions .
ji lin , secretary of the miyun county cpc committee , said : general secretary jiang 's speech systematically summed up the work achievements and successful experiences over the past $number years , comprehensively analyzed the domestic and international situation , and clearly pointed out the major problems to be solved at present .
we should take the " three stresses " education as a turning point , vigorously perform our work in various fields , and promote economic development and social stability throughout the county .
lian lian , secretary of the dongcheng district cpc committee , said : as leading cadres at the grass - roots level , we should effectively take up our duty as those who are $number to be held responsible for the " three stresses " education at the basic level , regard the conduct of such education as the most important task in party building , and conscientiously carry out various rectification and reform measures in order to continuously consolidate and develop the achievements made in this education .
the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong has inspired cadres at various levels in various localities .
in henan 's lankao county , where jaio yulu had fought a battle , zhu hengkuan , secretary of the country party committee , said : the more we study the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong , the clearer understanding we have of the whole thing .
he said : we should strengthen our party spirit and unity through the " three stresses " education and make contributions to the party and the people with a better mentality ; we should follow the mass line , listen to opinions from all sides , and seriously consider and fully respect the views of the masses ; and we should further strengthen the cohesion and fighting capacity of leading bodies and push lankao county 's economic construction to a new level .
tan xianchao , secretary of the dahua yao autonomous county cpc committee in guangxi , said : his county is one of the poverty - stricken counties receiving priority aid from the state and also a unit selected for making experiments in the conduct of the " three stresses " education at the county level .
when the " three stresses " education was started , some cadres thought that since the leading bodies in the county were united and of one mind , there were no problems of principle to be raised ; some others felt that everything was all right and that there was no gap to speak of ; still others held that although dahua county was poor and backward , cadres were clean and honest , and there were no major problems .
through mobilization , education , and guidance , however , the masses put forward $number suggestions and views for the county leading body and $number suggestions and views for individual leading cadres .
those suggestions and views shook up the leading body , which realized that there were still many problems to be solved and that vigorous efforts should be made to solve ideological problems and problems of mentality among leading cadres .
party organizations at various levels throughout the country have been conscientiously studying the spirit of the speech made by general secretary jiang zemin in guangdong and taking the " three stresses " education as a driving force for improving the style of work and economic work .
zhu zhiming , magistrate of honghe county in yunnan , said : in studying the speech made by general secretary jiang zemin in guangdong , we feel the concern and ardent expectations of the central leadership for cadres at the county or city level , greatly enhancing our consciousness and sense of urgency in effectively conducting the " three stresses " education .
honghe county has decided on the steps to be taken in conducting the " three stresses " education , and it will follow the principle of subordinating time and progress to quality and conduct the education well at every stage from a higher starting point and with higher standards and better quality .
cadres throughout the county will firmly seize the opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region and , in an ever more positive spirit , lead the people of various nationalities in the county in shaking off poverty and getting better - off .
liang xiaogu , secretary of the guandu district cpc committee in kunming city , said : the county or city level is one forming a connecting link between the higher and lower levels in the overall situation in work , and the way of thinking and work of leading cadres at the county or city levels directly reflect the image of the party .
he then said : in conducing the " three stresses " education , leaders should personally take part in it , make efforts at it , and do a good job of it ; moreover , leaders should take the lead in study and in making self - analysis , in holding heart - to - heart talks and making self - criticism , and in effectively carrying out rectification and reform measures .
liu tianming , secretary of the qinan county cpc committee in gansu , said : for the people in our county where the " three stresses " education has finished , the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong is also a tremendous encouragement , spurring us to learn from the central leader 's sound style of work , to carry out rectification and reform measures , and to do a good job in reviewing the conduct of the " three stresses " education . we should do solid work in grass - roots party building and effectively lead the contingent of cadres ; at the same time , we should promote ever more rapid economic development and seize the historic opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region to take bigger strides in ecological and agricultural construction .
cadres at various levels in various localities said : with the guidance of the spirit of general secretary jiang 's speech and the correct leadership of the party central committee and party committees at various levels , tangible results will certainly be achieved in the conduct of the " three stresses " education .
sun changxiong , director of the harbin city commission for the reform of the economic structure , said : to effectively conduct the " three stresses " education , emphasis should be laid on " one key " and " on core . "
the " key " lies in strengthen our faith in communism and our conviction in socialism with chinese characteristics ; only with such a conviction can one have consciousness , proceed from the high plane of laying stress on politics to conscientiously implement the party 's principles and policies , and maintain unity with the party . the " core " is that we should firmly establish the purpose of serving the people wholeheartedly , abandon selfish interests , take protecting the maximum interests of the people as our own duty , and vigorously surmount difficulties accompanying our advance .
as far as the work of the city commission for the reform of the economic structure is concerned , the stress of work is to put on resolving outstanding contradictions in the reform of state - owned enterprises this year .
yin guangli , secretary of the funan county cpc committee in anhui , held : effectively conducting the " three stresses " education will be an important sign of doing a good job in this regard across the country .
if the conduct of " three stresses " education at the county level failed , it would be impossible to carry out rectification and reform measures at the provincial level .
in the " three stresses " education , cadres at the county or city level should set high demands on themselves , seriously reflect on the deficiencies in their work , enhance their concept of the masses , and consider problems more often from the angle of the masses ; through this education , they should improve themselves in their party spirit and work style and make greater contributions to the party and the people .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - li peng , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , went to beijing 's huayun building this afternoon to meet members of the china democratic league [ cdl ] and china democratic national construction association [ cdnca ] attending $number session of $number chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee . he also took part in the cppcc members ' discussion and spoke on the issues of the rule of law , development of the western region , and china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] .
li peng pointed out : to implement the principle of governing the country by law , we must $number step up legislative work and establish and improve china 's socialist legal system .
legislation should serve the central work of the nation and should be integrated with major reform policies and policies aimed at speeding up economic development and ensuring social stability .
legislation is one of the npc 's major tasks and responsibilities . the npc has a clear legislation goal .
it has a five - year plan as well as annual plans for legislation . in legislation , we stress the need to " seek advice from the masses and refer them back to the masses . " we will extensively solicit the views of all circles while emphasizing practice as the yardstick for testing the truth .
on developing china 's western regions , li peng pointed out : implementing the strategy for accelerating economic development in the western and central regions is a major policy decision of the cpc central committee , a decision oriented to the new century and having the whole situation taken into consideration . it has an important bearing on balanced development of china 's eastern and western regions and the eventual realization of the nation 's common prosperity .
it is of major practical significance and far - reaching historical significance . through two decades of reforms and opening up , china 's comprehensive national strength has notably increased and a socialist market economic system has been preliminarily established .
thus , conditions are ripe for accelerating the development of china 's western regions . in developing the vast western region , it is necessary to open the region wider to the outside world and absorb more overseas funds . at the same time , it is necessary to open the west to other parts of the country so as to attract more enterprises in the eastern region to set up factories and make use of resources there .
this will increase the eastern region 's support of the western region .
in doing all this , it is necessary to proceed from reality and suit measures to local conditions .
li peng also stressed the need to accelerate the development of infrastructure in the western region .
li peng made a special point of discussing the question of combating corruption . he said : fellow cppcc members have just given us their good suggestions .
the people are deeply resentful of the spread of corruption .
we must set up a sound system and related mechanisms and intensify our efforts to punish corrupt officials .
speaking of china 's accession to the wto , li peng pointed out : the multipolarization of the world , the economic globalization , and the rapid advance of science and technology have brought risks and rigorous challenge as well as rare development opportunities to the chinese nation .
the npc must step up efforts to draft , enact , and revise relevant laws to keep up with the new situation following china 's accession to the wto .
at the joint cdl and cdnca group discussion , cppcc members from different regions and professions took the floor one after another to express their views on a wide range of issues .
huang shun spoke about various issues related to enterprise reform . lu qiang , wu zhengde , and wang lusheng made pertinent suggestions on developing the western region . liu hanyuan gave his personal views on fishing in the three gorges dam area and economic development in the central and western region . zhang tongmeng and fang ximin explained ways to advance the building of the socialist legal system .
the atmosphere was warm and relaxed .
cdnca vice chairman bai dahua presided over the joint group discussion .
ding shisun , cheng siwei , yang rudai , ren jianxin , and liu yandong , a responsible official of a department concerned , also took part in the discussion .
beijing , $date - - $date renmin ribao editorial : " making the motherland rich and strong and the people enjoy good health - - warmly hailing the opening of $number session of $number npc . " with the arrival of spring of the year of the dragon , everything takes on a completely new look .
bearing with them the hopes and trust of the $number people , nearly $number npc deputies from various parts of the motherland gathered in beijing to attend $number session of $number npc being held here .
this is a conference held at the important moment of the turn of the century and the millennium .
faced with an international and domestic situation that is undergoing profound changes and a glorious and arduous mission , the deputies will be thoroughly studying major issues of overall and strategic significance in reform , opening up and socialist modernization and will be reviewing important policies and arrangements for work in the coming year .
this major event in the political life of the people of all nationalities in china will have an important meaning in china 's reform , development and stability .
we warmly hail the convocation of this session .
the major agenda of this session is : to hear and review the report on the work of the government ; to examine and approve the report on the implementation of the $number plan for national economic and social development ; to examine the report on the implementation of the central and local budgets for $number and the draft central and local budgets for $number and approve the report on the implementation of the central budget for $number and the central budget for $number ; to hear and review the report on the work of the npc standing committee ; to review the " legislation law ( draft ) of the prc " ; to hear and review the report on the work of the supreme people 's court ; and to hear and review the report on the work of the supreme people 's procuratorate .
the advance from $number and $number marked a major turning point , an important opportunity for development .
it is a new starting point $number years after the founding of new china , a new starting point after china has put a complete end to colonial rule , with the return of macao as the hallmark , as well as a new starting point for the great strategic objective of the " three - step approach " for the realization of socialist modernization .
as the new century is just round the corner , the achievements and experiences of the past year and the situation and tasks of the new year become even more special as a link between the past and the future .
in the past year , we upheld the party 's basic line , fully implemented the policy of expanding domestic demand , actively promoted various reforms , met the anticipated economic growth targets , and achieved new successes in various undertakings .
we victoriously carried out three political struggles , thus creating a fine political environment for concentrating our energies on economic construction .
since this year is the final year in meeting the important targets before the end of the this century , the tasks of deepening the reforms , promoting development , safeguarding stability and strengthening ideological and political work are very arduous .
doing this year 's work well means a lot to the realization of china 's cross - century development targets .
in the new year , we must hold still higher the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , continue to implement the spirit of the $number cpc congress and the 3 d and $number plenary sessions of the $number cpc central committee , clearly recognize the situation , have a clear picture of the tasks , seize the opportunity , forge ahead in a pioneering spirit , strengthen our confidence , unite in struggle , fully implement the important arrangements made by the cpc central committee for reform , opening up and socialist modernization , correctly handle the relations between reform , development and stability by promoting reform and development in a stable situation and maintaining social stability in the course of reform and development , and strive to achieve new breakthroughs in all work .
in his spring festival greetings to the people of all nationalities in china and all ethic and oversea chinese abroad , comrade jiang zemin wished " prosperity , richness and strength for the motherland and happiness and good health for the people . "
these well - meant words of greetings reflect the aspirations of the sons and daughters of the chinese nation , express the strong will of the chinese nation to achieve its great rejuvenation , and represent the long - cherished ideal of the chinese people .
the course of struggle traversed by china in the past $number , $number and $number years shows that only by firmly following the road of building socialism with chinese characteristics under the leadership of the cpc will china become rich and strong and the people enjoy peace and good health , that only by proceeding from reality in everything , formulating correct lines , principles and policies , pooling the wisdom and resourcefulness of the masses to the largest extent and making a concentrated effort to develop the productive forces will we be able to achieve the aim of making china rich and strong and the people enjoy good health , and that only by making china rich and strong and the people enjoy good health will our party and government have the support and backing of the masses and become invincible .
for many years , the npc as the supreme organ of state power has , in legislation , supervision , making decisions on important issues and other matters , conscientiously fulfilled the duties entrusted to it by the constitution and the laws , always focusing on the priorities and targets of china 's work . it has energetically promoted the process of governing the country by law and building a socialist country of rule of law , ensured the implementation of the party 's basic line and basic policies , and made important contributions to the smooth progress of reform , opening up and socialist modernization .
it is the best form of political organization for the people to become their own masters .
with the development of reform , opening up and socialist modernization , the system of people 's congresses will become more perfect and will play an increasingly important role .
emancipating the mind , seeking truth from facts , and creatively unfolding work within the scope of the constitution and the laws will be of great importance in further bringing into play the superiority and role of the system of people 's congresses .
the interests of the motherland are above everything else , and the interests of the people are above everything else .
at all times and under all circumstances , the starting and goal in all our work must be in the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people .
we believe that the close to $number npc deputies who have the great trust of the people of the whole country will be able to successfully convene $number session of $number npc and fulfill the historic mission entrusted by the people with the spirit of democracy , unity , seeking truth and advancing bravely for the sake of making china rich and strong and the people enjoy good health .
so long as our party can always remain the loyal representative of the development demands of china 's advanced productive forces in society , the progress orientation of china 's advanced culture , and the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people in china , our party can forever put itself in an invincible position , can forever win the wholehearted support of the people of all nationalities throughout the country , and can lead the people to make constant progresses .
comrade jiang zemin 's remarks have , from a high plane of historical materialism , revealed the fundamental nature of our party ; pointed out the party 's basic tasks ; and are of an important theoretical and practical significance to our efforts to further maintain the advancement of the party , retain the vigor and vitality of the party , lead the whole party and the people of the entire country to carry out struggles in unity , and build our country into a prosperous , strong , democratic , and civilized modern socialist power .
economic foundation determines superstructure . among the aforementioned " three representatives , " the most important is that the party should always remain the representative of the development demands of advanced productive forces .
once we have advanced productive forces and an advanced social system , we can create more and better material and spiritual wealth ; can get a firm foothold , and can $date at the head in our competition with different countries and different forces ; and can develop greater power to enhance the comprehensive national strength of our country .
all the struggles carried out by our party are , in the final analysis , aimed at liberating and developing productive forces ; while the ultimate goal of all the principles and policies of our party is to constantly boost the country 's productive forces , constantly reinforce the country 's economic strength , and constantly improve the living standards of the people so that the party can better represent the fundamental interests of the people .
this is exactly where the mission and the life of communists lies .
the generation of communists is based on two conditions : theoretically , they must acquire the understanding that the contradiction between the private ownership of means of production and a big socialized production has seriously hindered the development of productive forces ; and to develop productive forces , one must smash old production relations and build up new production relations . in practice , because of the development of big industry , the proletariat is mounting the historical arena with big strides as the representative of advanced productive forces .
these are the essential factors leading to the emergence of communists , and also to the inexorable victory of the socialist system .
they also serve as the fundamental reasons for the birth , growth , and victory of the cpc ; and for the strong vitality of our great undertaking of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
the historical experiences gained by our party in leading the socialist cause have proved , from both the positive and negative aspects , that whenever the party represents the development demands of advanced productive forces , our cause will flourish and grow ; yet whenever the party runs counter to the development demands of productive forces , it will surely suffer frustrations and setbacks .
the key to whether we can represent the development demands of advanced productive forces lies in whether we can regard the masses of the people as the main force for pushing forward the development of history , and lies in whether production relations suit the development of productive forces .
whereas failure to change old productive relations will hinder the development of productive forces , any move to surpass the present historical development stage by indiscriminately copying and applying to today 's practice a number of characteristics and practices of socialism at its mature stage will all the same hinder the development of productive forces ; and in such a case , one cannot begin to talk about representing the development demands of advanced productive forces or about the advantages of the socialist system .
all the hard efforts we have made in reform and opening up over the past $number - plus years are all aimed at readjusting productive relations , and at opening up a new road , for the liberation and development of the country 's productive forces .
the greatest achievement we have ever attained in the practice of reform and opening up is the conclusion that the socialism we are building now is socialism at its initial stage , and a socialism with chinese characteristics . basing on this basic theory , we have formulated our basic line , basic program , and basic principles and policies ; made readjustments and reforms to the country 's productive relations , including its ownership relations and distribution forms as well as the structure and operating mechanisms of its economy ; and have brought about considerable development to the country 's social productive forces , and attained great achievements of world interest in this respect .
to represent the development demands of advanced productive forces , we should center around the country 's economic construction , and concentrate our energy on developing productive forces .
without concentrating our energy , we can neither accelerate development nor bring true its advancedment and since the productive forces of our country never experienced a full development under capitalist conditions , we must complete , under socialist conditions , the task of industrialization and economic socialization , marketization , and modernization which advanced countries will complete under capitalist conditions .
therefore , we must remove all interruptions , and concentrate our efforts on accelerating the development of productive forces .
science and technology are primary productive forces .
to the development demands of advanced productive forces , we should attach great importance to promoting scientific and technological innovations , to bringing up scientific and technological talents , and to stepping up the development of the scientific and technological undertaking .
we should take active steps to push forward the building of a knowledge innovation system in the country , and concentrate our attention and energy on making breakthroughs in a number of fields which are playing a major leading role in the country 's economic and social development .
we should thoroughgoingly comprehend comrade jiang zemin 's important idea on representing the development demands of advanced productive forces ; emancipate our mind and boldly carry out concrete practice in the light of changes in both the domestic and international situations , in the light of the latest developments of china 's productive forces as well as the reality of profound changes in the country 's economic structure , and in the light of the new demands of the masses for better material and cultural lives ; consistently represent the development demands of advanced productive forces ; and push forward the undertaking of the socialist modernization building on a constant basis .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and president of the state , and li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , this afternoon called on members of the cppcc national committee from the hong kong and macao special administrative regions attending $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
jiang zemin pointed out : after their return to the motherland , both hong kong and macao have entered a new period of historical development .
this new period is characterized by that after completely freeing themselves from foreign rule and with the support of the central government , the compatriots in hong kong and macao have become the masters of their own affairs and are administering and building hong kong and macao according to the principle of " one country , two systems . "
from now on , hong kong and macao compatriots will be able to act on their own and bring their wisdom and talents into full play , and this is precisely a strong driving force and a basic guarantee for building an ever more beautiful future for hong kong and macao .
jiang zemin stressed : it is the common desire of the people of all nationalities throughout the country to maintain the long - term prosperity , stability , and development of hong kong and macao .
we should support and do all things that are conducive to maintaining the prosperity , stability , and development of hong kong and macao , and we should oppose and stop anything that is detrimental to their prosperity , stability , and development .
jiang zemin and li ruihuan participated in a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong and macao and heard their speeches at the meeting .
at the joint meeting , chuang shih - ping [ zhuang shiping ] , honorary chairman of the nanyang commercial bank board of directors in hong kong , and liang chung - chiu [ liang zhongqiu ] , chairman of the board and general manager of the chienta [ jianda ] trade company in macao , spoke on the reunification of the motherland . they held : after the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the people throughout china are ever more eagerly longing for settling the taiwan issue and accomplishing the great cause of reunifying the motherland at an early date .
large numbers of compatriots in hong kong and macao and overseas chinese fully support the solemn and just stand of the government of our country in solving the taiwan issue . it is hoped that the taiwan authorities will conform to the historical trend of the times , put the national interests , the reunification of the motherland , and the interests of the people in taiwan above everything else , cast aside the " two - state theory , " develop cross - strait relations , and realize the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date .
in his speech at the joint meeting , hsu szu - min [ xu simin ] , director of the hong kong paper " ching pao , " said : documents of the $number cpc national congress made reference to giving play to the role of supervision by public opinion .
it is necessary to do a good job in ideological education and to strengthen supervision by public opinion so as to promote reform and opening up , combat corruption , and encourage integrity .
chung li - hsiung ( zhong lixiong ] , chairman of the tienfu [ tianfu ] investment company board of directors , said in his speech : macao should build a deep - water wharf to serve oceangoing ships and a bridge over the sea to connect macao to hong kong ; with the wharf and the bridge , there will be a solid foundation for macao 's long - term economic development .
they said : while striding toward the new century , the central government has , from the high plane of the whole modernization drive , lost no time in making the strategic decision on the large - scale development of the western region , which is of great significance for further economic development and for the complete rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
in developing the western region , attention should be paid to introducing advanced science and technology as well as various types of outstanding personnel to the region ; at the same time , it is necessary to attach importance to bringing the role of existing qualified personnel into full play .
tsui shih - chang [ cui shichang ] , member of the legislative council of the macao special administrative region , made suggestions on the establishment of the permanent guangdong - macao and zhuhai - macao coordination organizations , the mutual support , service , and use of infrastructure facilities , and the further development of tourism in macao .
in his speech at the joint meeting , liu han - chuan [ liu hanquan ] , member of the legislative council of the hong kong special administrative region , said : china is going to enter the world trade organization [ wto ] soon . in the face of this historic opportunity , strengthening the cooperation between hong kong and inland areas will play an important role in promoting national economic development .
cheng yao - tsung [ zheng yaozong ] , president of the chinese university of hong kong , expressed his views on how to better develop china 's higher education in the new situation .
after hearing the speeches by members of the cppcc national committee , jiang zemin delivered an important speech .
he $number briefed the members of the cppcc national committee on the situation in our country 's reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
referring to hong kong , jiang zemin said : when i met with you here on $date last year , hong kong 's economy had yet to be eased up from the impact of the asian financial crisis .
this is why i then hoped that you would keep up your spirits and tide over the difficulties together .
today we meet again , but the situation is quite different .
under the leadership of the government of the hong kong special administrative region headed by mr. tung chee - hwa , large numbers of hong kong compatriots have worked together with one heart so that hong kong 's economy is recovered , and its social stability maintained .
the government of the hong kong special administrative region has been gaining more and more administrative experiences .
the central government is very much gratified at this situation .
we said before that the great socialist motherland is always a strong backing for hong kong and macao to maintain prosperity and stability and to overcome difficulties and dangers on their road of advance .
with the passage of time , hong kong and macao will more and more deeply realize this point .
the practice of hong kong in the past two - odd years since its return to the motherland shows that the concept of " one country , two systems " is all correct and that hong kong people running hong kong with a high degree of autonomy is feasible .
referring to macao , jiang zemin pointed out : macao smoothly returned to the motherland on $date last year .
i saw with my own eyes the elatedness and jubilation with which macao compatriots celebrated their return to the motherland , and this is hardly forgettable to me .
in more than two months since its return to the motherland , all work in macao , under the leadership of the government of the macao special administrative region headed by mr. edmund ho hau - wah [ he houhua ] , has been proceeding in an orderly way , the public is stable , and public order has noticeably taken a favorable turn .
i hope that the government of the macao special administrative region and large numbers of macao compatriots will persist in implementing the principles of " one country , two systems , " " macao people running macao , " and " a high degree of autonomy " and that they will act with united strength , exert themselves to make progress , and make unremitting efforts to maintain stability and development in cacao .
we believe that the future of macao will be bright and beautiful .
in conclusion , jiang zemin hoped that members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong and macao would make suggestions and comments on the work of the central government and the construction of the interior , reflect the wishes and demands of the people in hong kong and macao , and make more contributions to maintaining long - term stability and prosperity in hong kong and macao and to promoting the modernization and complete reunification of the motherland .
qian qichen , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice premier of the state council , participated in the joint meeting .
huo ying - tung [ huo yingdong ] , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , chaired the joint meeting , which ye xuanping , wang zhaoguo , and ma wanqi , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , also attended .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and president of the state , and li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , this afternoon called on members of the cppcc national committee from the revolutionary committee of the chinese kuomintang , the taiwan democratic self - government league , and the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots who were attending $number session of $number cppcc national committee . jiang zemin and li ruihuan participated in their joint meeting and heard their opinions and suggestions .
jiang zemin stressed : hong kong and macao have already returned to the embrace of the motherland .
this is a signal victory we have won on our road to realizing the reunification of the motherland .
finally settling the taiwan issue to realize the complete reunification of the motherland has become an ever more urgent wish and demand of all chinese people .
the chinese government and people have the confidence and ability to solve the taiwan issue at an early date and to accomplish the great cause of reunifying the motherland .
compatriots on both sides of the taiwan strait , with brotherly love for each other , should make joint efforts to realize the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date .
at the joint meeting , members of the cppcc national committee expressed their opinions on the reunification of the motherland , cppcc work , economic and trade relations between the two sides of the taiwan strait following our accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] , the large - scale development of the western region , investment by taiwan businessmen , and other questions .
in their speeches , honorary vice chairman jia yibin of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee , vice chairman wu guozhen of the central committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league , vice president shi sihao of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , standing committee member zheng kizhi of the taiwan democratic self - government league , vice president su minsheng of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , standing committee member lin donghai of the central committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league , and director lin yifu of the beijing university economic research center expressed their complete approval of the principles expounded in the white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue ; they also voiced their firm support for the government 's solemn and just stand in promoting the reunification of the motherland and safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and for all the measures taken by the government .
they pointed out : it is necessary to profoundly study the central authorities ' principles and policies toward taiwan , to step up our research on taiwan 's history and popular sentiments , to effectively do our work toward the taiwan people , to open up more fields for taiwan businessmen to invest in , and to promote the development of economic and trade relations between the two sides of the taiwan strait .
on cppcc work , vice chairman zhu peikang of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee , said in his speech : in doing cppcc work , we should , from a macro perspective , always concern ourselves with major state policies and important issues concerning the national economy and the people 's livelihood and provide views for reference by the central authorities in making policy decisions .
deng chengcheng , member of the standing committee of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee and vice chairman of the gansu provincial cppcc committee , said that accelerating the improvement of the ecological environment and the construction of infrastructure facilities will constitute the foundation for the large - scale development of the western region .
jiang zemin took notes while hearing their speeches ; he also interposed a remark or two from time to time .
after hearing their speeches , jiang zemin delivered a speech .
he extended his cordial regards and best wishes to the members of the cppcc national committee and , through them , to the taiwan compatriots .
jiang zemin said : in settling the taiwan issue , we will continue to implement the basic principles of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and the eight - point proposal i put forward $date for developing cross - strait relations and advancing the process of reunifying the motherland .
lately , we issued the white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " in which we fully expressed our firm stand in upholding the one - china principle .
peaceful reunification is in the interests of the taiwan compatriots and all chinese people , and it is conducive to peace and development in the asia - pacific region and even the world ; this is the best way to solve the taiwan issue .
for the interests of the compatriots on both sides of the taiwan strait , we will make the greatest possible efforts and do everything possible to settle the taiwan issue by peaceful means .
of course , the prerequisite is to uphold the one - china principle .
but we will never renounce the use of force .
if a major incident occurs in which taiwan is separated from china in any name , if taiwan is invaded and occupied by foreign forces , if the taiwan authorities refuse indefinitely to peacefully solve the question of reunifying the two sides of the taiwan strait through negotiations , the chinese government will have to take all possible drastic measures under compelled circumstances to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
this is also our consistent stand .
the chinese people are never afraid of ghosts , nor do they believe in heresy , and we are firmly opposed to any ghosts or heresies harming the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
any attempts to create " the independence of taiwan , " " two chinas , " or " one china and one taiwan , " no matter whoever or whichever parties or political factions make such attempts in taiwan and no matter what foreign forces support them , will not be able to succeed and will be doomed to utter failure .
jiang zemin pointed out : the taiwan compatriots have a glorious patriotic tradition .
we consistently and wholeheartedly place hopes on the taiwan people .
we are convinced that the taiwan compatriots will make their correct choice on this major issue of right and wrong concerning the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the country , the fundamental interests of the chinese nation , and the future and destiny of the taiwan compatriots .
i like to take this opportunity to solemnly state once again that we fully respect the taiwan compatriots ' desire to be the masters of their own affairs and their demand for economic development and will safeguard their vital interests .
we are willing to have extensive contacts and exchanges , to enhance mutual understanding , and to reach a consensus of opinion with all parties , groups , and personages in taiwan that uphold the one - china principle in order to work together to promote the development of cross - strait relations and the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
we hope that when conditions are ripe , we will resume dialogues and negotiations between the two sides on the one - china principle and strive to settle differences through consultation so as to pave the way for the development of cross - strait relations and to lay a foundation for the final completion of reunification of the motherland .
it is necessary to promote a comprehensive and accurate understanding of our principles and policies toward taiwan among the taiwan compatriots and to enhance their understanding of the mainland of the motherland so that favorable conditions will be created for solving the taiwan issue at an early date .
jiang zemin said : the members of the cppcc national committee who are present here have done a great deal of fruitful work in assisting the party and the government in carrying out the principles and policies toward taiwan and uniting taiwan compatriots at home and abroad .
i hope that you will continue working hard to promote the exchange of visits by personnel on both sides of the taiwan strait as well as economic and cultural exchanges and contribute to the early solution of the taiwan issue .
party committees and governments at all levels should firmly implement the party and the state 's principles , policies , and laws concerning the taiwan compatriots and safeguard their legitimate rights and interests .
we are firmly believe that the complete reunification of the motherland can certainly be realized through the joint efforts of all chinese , including the taiwan compatriots .
zhou tienong , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and executive vice chairman of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee chaired the meeting .
those participating in the discussion included he luli , vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress and chairman of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee ; ye xuanping and wang zhaoguo , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee ; and zhang kehui , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and chairman of the central committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - li lanqing , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice premier of the state council , today called on members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] from educational and literary and art circles who were attending $number session of $number cppcc national committee . li lanqing attended their joint meetings and listened to their opinions and suggestions .
a warm atmosphere prevailed at a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee from educational circles , and those present took the floor one after another .
at the meeting , yuan guiren , president of beijing normal university and member of the cppcc national committee , said : it is necessary to conscientiously study general secretary jiang 's speeches on education , to vigorously readjust the educational structure , to expand the educational scale , and to better meet people 's need for their children to receive more and higher - quality education .
ma huisheng , principal of the fuxing middle school in shanghai municipality and member of the cppcc national committee held that schools at all levels should keep to the orientation of educational reform and development , clearly define the education of qualified personnel as their central task , and train more and better personnel for national economic and social development .
wang zhongmin , member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that attention be paid to the on - the - job training of qualified personnel in the western region .
zhao pengda , president of china geologic university and member of the cppcc national committee , proposed that institutions of higher learning take part in planning and carrying out the development of the western region .
wu daihua , director of the mechanics research institute of wuhan industrial university and member of the cppcc national committee , held that the whole of society should be concerned about vocational education , formulate relevant policies and regulations , and make unified planning .
liu qitao , member of the cppcc national committee , raised questions meriting attention by institutions of higher learning in enrolling new students .
shen shituan , president of beijing aerospace university and member of the cppcc national committee , put forward concrete proposals for the development of institutions of higher learning .
huo yuping , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , professor at zhengzhou university , and member of the cppcc national committee , stated his views on a rational distribution of education across the country .
after listening attentively to the speeches by members of the cppcc national committee from educational circles , li lanqing affirmed their views and suggestions on revitalizing the country through science and education , strengthening the moral education of teenagers , training all - around personnel who develop themselves morally , intellectually , physically , and aesthetically , and advancing quality education in an all - round way .
he said : the speeches made by members of the cppcc national committee are very important and of great value .
the whole party and the whole of society , especially the comrades working in educational circles , should conscientiously study the important speeches made recently by comrade jiang zemin , unify their thinking in the spirit of these speeches , implement them in earnest , effectively strengthen and improve their educational work , solve problems in a comprehensive way , do multiple things at the same time , and correctly guide and help teenagers with their healthy growth .
he then said : the development of science and education should start off $number in the development of the western region .
we should make full use of our advantages and improve the living and working conditions for the scientists and educators in the western region in order to fully arouse the initiative of the scientists , technicians , and educators . we should retain and attract qualified personnel and bring their role into full play .
we should vigorously promote the combination of production with institutions of higher learning and research institutes ; we should be market - oriented , turn scientific and technological achievements into commodities , and accelerate the development of high - tech industries in the western region .
li lanqing also exchange views with members of the cppcc national committee on the reform of the educational system in institutions of higher learning and on questions concerning vocational education , li lanqing also took part in a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee form literary and art circles in the afternoon .
members of the cppcc national committee expressed their views and offered their advice one after another . xie jin , film director and member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee , said that efforts should be made to crack down on copyright piracy and to improve the channels for releasing films .
fu gengchen , president of the chinese musicians association and member of the cppcc national committee , made suggestions on the strategic status of cultural construction and the standing of literary and art circles .
dao meilan , president of the henan provincial federation of literary and art circles and member of the cppcc national committee , held that vigorous efforts should be made to protect and develop national dancing .
shang changrong , vice president of the chinese dramatists association and member of the cppcc national committee , proposed that traditional arts be combined with the needs of the times .
wei minglun , vice president of the chinese dramatists association and member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that great efforts be made to develop the national theater .
jin shangyi , member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee and president of the central academy of fine arts , proposed that attention be paid to carrying out cultural construction and maintaining architectural culture with distinguishing qualities .
nima zeren , $number - grade artist at the sichuan provincial research institute of culture and history and member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that effective measures be taken to protect the cultures and arts of minority nationalities in the western region .
feng jicai , vice chairman of the central committee of the china association for promoting democracy , vice president of the china federation of literary and art circles , and members of the cppcc national committee , said that it brooks no delay to rescue the cultures and histories of cities .
speaking respectively on calligraphic education , cultural construction , giving full scope to the central theme of our times , and cultural exchange with other countries were liu bingsen , member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee and vice president of the chinese calligraphers association ; zhang xianliang , president of the ningxia hui autonomous region association of literary and art circles and member of the cppcc national committee ; deng youmei , vice president of the chinese writers association and member of the cppcc national committee ; and liu xiurong , honorary director of hebei province 's shijianzhuang youth opera troupe and member of the cppcc national committee .
after listening attentively to the speeches by members of the cppcc national committee , li lanqing said : cultural and art undertakings are important components of the socialist cause . we must start doing a good job in education , enable teenagers to develop themselves morally , intellectually , physically , and aesthetically , and improve the cultural quality of all people .
in doing literary and art work , we should adhere to the policy of " letting $number flowers blossom and $number schools of thought contend " and take effective measures to promote the thriving of literary and artistic creation .
with stress on reflecting reality and giving full scope to the central theme of our times , it is necessary to create a large number of literary and artistic works loved by the people . the reform of literary and art undertakings should be accelerated so as to advance the building of the socialist spiritual civilization .
also , we should absorb results of other nations ' advanced civilizations ; by learning from others ' strong points to make up our deficiencies , we will be able to bring about ever greater literary and art prosperity .
song jian , qian zhengying , luo haocai , and wang wenyuan , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , and responsible officials of relevant departments attended today 's joint meetings .
over the last few days , the deputies and members attending the " two sessions " in beijing reviewed the great changes in various fronts since reform and opening up and looked forward to the bright prospects of the chinese nation in the new century . one after another , they pointed out that the party 's basic theory and basic line have contributed to the brilliant achievements in the $number years of reform and opening up .
in face of the new century , we should hold still higher the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , firm up our faith in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics , and victoriously stride into the new century .
reporter li dadong reported from the fujian delegation attending the national people 's congress (npc) : deputy chen mingyi , secretary of the fujian provincial cpc committee , said : in his important speech recently made in guangdong , general secretary jiang zemin pointed out the necessity of conducting the education on " thinking of the sources where our prosperity comes from and deliberating further advances on the basis of the present prosperity " among the vast number of cadres and masses , particularly among the cadres and masses in the areas that have attained faster development .
in the past few days , the deputies in our delegation have been thinking over what are the " sources " of the rapid economic development in fujian .
these " sources " include the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , the conviction on the party 's basic line , the faith in the ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics , and the staunch and powerful leadership of the party 's central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core .
over the past $number - odd years , earthshaking changes have taken place in fujian 's economic and social appearances with the aggregate quantity of the economy continuously increasing .
it is precisely because we have always adhered to the party 's basic theory and basic line and firmed up our faith in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics that we are able to unite the people of all nationalities across the province , make use of all forces at home and abroad that can be used , conquer all sorts of difficulties and challenges , and push forward the economy and various undertakings in fujian .
reporter jiang wei reported from the jiangxi npc delegation : deputy wen xinhua said : talking about strengthening the conviction of socialism with chinese characteristics , we people from the old liberated areas are best qualified to speak on this subject .
in those years , the single spark from the jinggangshan revolutionary base capable of starting the prairie fire in the entire country was precisely because it relied on combining the theory of marxism - leninism with the reality of the chinese revolution , so that the three big mountains of imperialism , feudalism , and bureaucrat - capitalism were overthrown and the people 's state power was founded .
after $number plenary session of the $number party central committee , the party 's $number generation of leading collective with deng xiaoping at the core put forward the great goal of building socialism with chinese characteristics , adhered to the party 's basic line of one center and two basic points , and scored achievements that attracted worldwide attention .
the party 's $number generation of leading collective with comrade jiang zemin at the core has held aloft the banner of deng xiaoping theory and led us from victory to victory .
take our jian area as an example : after reform and opening up , it practiced the household contract responsibility system with remuneration linked to output and the cooperative shares system and adopted multiple operational forms in the state - owned enterprises , so that the economic strength repeatedly increased , the people 's living standards were continuously enhanced , and the peasants ' per capita income grew from $number yuan $date to $number yuan last year .
in the final analysis , the party 's basic theory and basic line have conformed to the will and common aspirations of the people .
the earthshaking changes have enabled the people in the old liberated areas to profoundly cherish in their hearts the conviction of steadfastly following the road of socialism with chinese characteristics .
reporter liu ruijia reported from the group of scientific and technological circles of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) : the cppcc members had deep feelings when they talked about their faith in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics .
member jin zongzhe said that international competition is ever more vehement after the arrival of the new century .
in a bid to narrow the gap between the western developed countries and ourselves , it is imperative to vigorously develop our economy , quietly immerse ourselves in hard work , and firmly grasp the center of economic construction .
when the economy makes advances , and the lives of the masses are increasingly better off , then their confidence in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics will be further strengthened .
the central authorities ' appeal on the development of west china is another good opportunity for the chinese nation to make a giant advance , we must seize this opportunity to do a good job of the construction according to the idea of sustainable development so as to enable china 's economic strength to scale a new height .
reporter jiang wei reported from the hainan npc delegation : deputies from hainan maintain that deng xiaoping theory , which combines marxism with the practice of contemporary china and the special characteristics of the times , is a scientific theory that has made exploration , summation , and verification in practice .
deputy wang guangxian said : the promotion of hainan to a provincial status and as a special economic zone was a significant move personally initiated by comrade deng xiaoping , which is a major indication of faster economic development , deeper reform , and wider opening up in china .
the most fundamental cause that hainan was able to develop rapidly in the past $number years is that it has all along been guided by the party 's basic theory , persisted in taking economic construction as the center , adhered to reform and opening up , and abided by the four cardinal principles . the practice in hainan has once again confirmed that the party 's basic theory and basic line are scientific and correct .
in light of hainan 's actual conditions , we have defined " one province , two localities " as our industrial development strategy and the construction of hainan to be a symbol of an ecological province as our sustainable development strategy . we have also defined the strategy of promoting reform and development through opening to the outside world and the strategy of invigorating hainan on the strength of science and education .
hainan will make more rapid and steady strides with still firmer confidence . reporter li dadong reported from the jilin npc delegation : the npc deputies from jilin maintain that since its founding nearly $number years ago , the cpc has led the entire country and people to advance from victory to victory . the fundamental cause is that the communists have persisted in combining the marxist - leninist basic theory with the practice in china , and their conviction of struggling for the lofty ideal of communism .
deputy gu changchun said : since reform and opening up , it is precisely because we have all along firmly cherished the faith in the ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics and unswervingly adhered to deng xiaoping theory and the basic line that we have been able to attain such tremendous achievements .
without this , we could not have everything that we have today .
he said : in future , we will further arm the entire party with deng xiaoping theory so that our party will always meet the requirements for the development of the advanced social productive forces , $date in the direction toward an advanced culture , be the loyal representative of the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the chinese people , lead the entire country and people to cope with various difficulties and challenges , and victoriously stride into $date .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - wei jianxing , member of the standing committee of the political bureau and the secretariat of the cpc central committee and president of the all - china federation of trade unions , this afternoon called on members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] from trade unions and from among the returned overseas chinese at the railway building , who were attending $number session of $number cppcc national committee .
after listening attentively to speeches by members of the cppcc national committee , wei jianxing said : $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] and $number session of $number cppcc national committee will deliberate the tasks of reform and development for this year and put forward their views on them .
the important tasks of trade union organizations are to guide themselves with deng xiaoping theory and the party 's basic line , conscientiously implement the spirit of the $number cpc national congress and $number plenary session of the $number cpc central committee , and unite and mobilize large numbers of workers and staff members to contribute to carrying out the tasks to be deliberated and approved by the sessions , fulfilling the three - year target for the reform and development of state - owned enterprises , and advancing the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
this is a historic mission shouldered by the working class as the leading class of the country and the main force for reform and construction , and it is also an important responsibility borne by trade unions as a mass organization of the working class under the leadership of the party that should be subordinated to and serve the interests of the work of the whole party and the entire country .
wei jianxing said : as far as trade union organizations are concerned , uniting and mobilizing large numbers of workers and staff members to carry out the tasks to be deliberated and approved by the sessions means the need to strive to implement the guiding principle of the party 's wholehearted reliance on the working class and to further stress and perform its safeguarding functions [ wei hu zhi neng $number $number $number $number ] .
to this end , the all - china federation of trade unions has pointed out : trade unions at various levels should make breakthroughs in extensively carrying out the warmth - giving project , holding consultations on the basis of equality , implementing the collective contract system , improving the system for democratic management of enterprises with the workers ' congress as a basic form , promoting the participation by representatives of workers and staff members in the boards of directors and the boards of supervisors in exclusively state - owned and state - holding companies , and speeding up the establishment of trade unions in new enterprises .
trade unions should strengthen themselves in the spirit of reform .
workers and staff members should be organized to conduct extensive labor emulation , to make rationalization proposals and technological innovations , and to carry out other economic and technological - innovation activities .
in view of the development of the objective situation and the change in the ranks of workers and staff members , we should do in - depth and meticulous ideological and political work among them and keep improving their ideological , moral , scientific , and cultural qualities .
all such work is set according to the nature and tasks of the trade unions , which meets the requirements for safeguarding the overall interests of the people across the country and for safeguarding the specific interests of the workers and staff members .
this is aimed to further protect , arouse , and give play to the initiative and creativity of the workers and staff members by safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests and , through labor emulation , to guide their initiative and creativity in advancing enterprise reform and development and better carrying out the tasks set by the party and the government .
wei jianxing stressed : owing to the phenomena of bureaucracy and corruption existing among a small number of leading cadres , problems of infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of workers and staff members have occurred from time to time , and the task for trade unions to safeguarding such legitimate rights and interests is arduous .
to prevent infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of workers and staff members and effectively perform this work , trade unions must be good at mobilizing and organizing workers and staff members to do a good job in democratic supervision .
comrade deng xiaoping warned us long ago that it is necessary to have a mass supervision system and to let the masses and party members supervise the cadres , especially the leading cadres .
comrade jiang zemin also repeatedly required us to widen the supervision channels and give full play to the supervisory role of the masses of people .
organizing workers and staff members to exercise democratic supervision is a right entrusted to the trade unions by the law .
to properly exercising this right , it is necessary to do the following : $number . supervision should be exercised according to law .
that is , workers and staff members should confidently exercise their supervision in accordance with the " law on trade unions , " the " labor law , " and other state laws and regulations as well as relevant policies and regulations , enterprises ' collective contracts , rules , and regulations , and the decisions of workers ' congresses . $number .
supervision should be exercised in various ways and through various channels .
for instance , it is necessary to hold workers ' congresses , to make factory affairs known to the public , to persist in democratic appraisals of cadres , to report to workers ' congresses on enterprises ' entertainment expenses and leading cadres ' honesty and self - discipline , and to organize workers and staff members to supervise and inspect the enforcement of the " labor law " and other laws in enterprises . $number .
actual results should be achieved in democratic supervision .
efforts should be made to strengthen effective supervision mechanisms to restrain the acts of infringing on the democratic - supervision right of workers and staff members .
for instance , no major decisions should be carried out before they are deliberated by workers ' congresses , nor any plans involving the vital interests of workers and staff members should be put into practice without examination and approval or examination and determination by workers ' congresses . corresponding organizational measures should be taken against the departments in charge of cadres who are rated as incompetent in democratic appraisals , and leaders who disregard the functions and powers of workers ' congresses and relevant regulations and who act so arbitrarily as to cause intensified contradictions affecting stability should be investigated for their responsibility .
to exercise democratic supervision by workers and staff members , it is necessary to meet the requirements for the unity of two safeguards [ meaning safeguarding the overall interests of the people across the country and the specific interests of the workers and staff members ] and to combine supervision over issues concerning the specific interests of workers and staff members with supervision over issues concerning the interests of the country .
trade unions should organize workers and staff members to do a good job in exercising democratic supervision , which is conducive to effectively safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests , promptly defusing contradictions in the relations between enterprises and their workers and staff members , and better protecting , arousing , and give full play to their initiative and creativity , thus laying a solid foundation for deepening reform , promoting development , and maintaining stability .
referring to overseas chinese affairs , wei jianxing said : there are many talents among large number of foreign citizens of chinese origin and chinese citizens residing abroad , and they have deep love for china . they are an important force for advancing the economic development of our country and the complete reunification of the motherland . party committees and governments at various levels should attach greater importance to the work of handling overseas chinese affairs , safeguard their legitimate rights and interests , and create conditions in policy and mechanism for making it possible for them to better play their role in promoting the development of the socialist market economy .
members of the cppcc national committee from trade unions and from among the returned overseas chinese enthusiastically spoke at the discussion .
dong wande , member of the standing committee of the liaoning provincial cpc committee , president of the liaoning provincial federation of trade unions , and member of the cppcc national committee , said : carrying out trade unions ' various tasks depend on the strengthening of organizations at the grass - roots level .
it is necessary to strengthen the consolidation or rebuilding of such organizations and to make new breakthroughs in reemployment and in safeguarding the rights and interests of workers and staff members .
zhang yan , president of the jiangsu provincial federation of trade unions and member of the cppcc national committee , held that to deepen the reform of state - owned enterprises , it is imperative to step up ideological and political work among the workers and staff members . she made six suggestions in this regard . hu youlin , chairman of the yueda industrial group board of directors and member of the cppcc national committee , said : in addition to the importance attached by the state to employment and the relevant measures taken by it , there is ample scope for state - owned enterprises to do in increasing employment ; it is crucial for state - owned enterprises to step up the building of their leading bodies ; when enterprises develop , there will be prospects for increasing employment .
zhang weichao , vice chairman of the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese affairs committee under the cppcc national committee , said : in doing the work of handling overseas chinese affairs , we should make full use of new advantages and further unite foreign citizens of chinese origin and chinese citizens residing abroad to serve the modernization drive and the great cause of reunifying the motherland in the new situation .
dealing with the work of the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese , he tianfa , vice chairman of the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese affairs committee under the cppcc national committee , held that the leadership system of local federation of returned overseas chinese should be further straightened out .
wu chengye , president of overseas chinese university and member of the cppcc national committee , said that considerable progress has been made in education in the chinese language abroad in recent years , however , measures are yet to be taken in the supply of teaching materials and teachers .
dong jingwei , li yuguang , hou xuyu , wu mengzhao , zhou bingde , and liu minsheng , members of the cppcc national committee , also spoke at the discussion .
li guixian , zhu guangya , and mao zhiyong , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , also participated in the discussion held by members of the cppcc national committee from trade unions and from among the returned overseas chinese .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - responding to reporters ' questions , zeng jianhui , news spokesman for $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , stressed today that the current npc and its standing committee will place great emphasis on exercising their legislative and supervision functions .
he indicated that $number npc will , according to the country 's current reform , development , and stability needs , make earnest efforts to formulate relevant laws , so that by the end of its term , the current npc will have preliminarily established a socialist legal system with chinese characteristics .
zeng jianhui said : the current session will examine a draft legislative law .
the law aims at further standardizing legislative activities and formulating concrete , clear - cut , and unified laws and provisions on some important issues concerning legislative activities , so as to safeguard unification of the state legal system .
he briefed the reporters on key contents of this draft law .
commenting on the npc 's legislative work , zeng jianhui said that , since the introduction of reform and opening up , the npc and its standing committee have examined a total of $number laws and law - related decisions . among them are $number laws and decisions formulated by $number npc and its standing committee in the last two years .
he said that , focusing on establishing a socialist market economic system , the current npc and its standing committee formulated a number of laws and law - related decisions , such as the contract law , securities law , public bidding law , sole - proprietor enterprise law .
in furthering socialist democratic political construction , the current npc and its standing committee revised the village committee organization law , and formulated and adopted the law on administrative appeals . with these and the administrative litigation law , administrative punishment law , administrative supervision law , and state compensation law formulated in earlier years , our country has basically established a complete legal system on administrative punishment and relief .
on strengthening supervision , zeng jianhui said : $number npc and its standing committee have intensified their supervision efforts over the past year .
this aspect of work can be summed up with the words " three , four , and five . "
responding to reporters ' questions , zeng jianhui also indicated that the npc and its standing committee have all along attached great importance to anti - corruption work and has worked hard to legislate anti - corruption efforts by beginning with perfecting the legal system .
since the introduction of reform and opening up , the npc has formulated a decision on sternly cracking down on economic crimes , the supplementary provisions on punishing corruption and bribery crimes , as well as other laws and decisions . the criminal law revised by the npc stipulates criminal punishments for corruption and bribery crimes . the npc has also formulated such laws as the administrative supervision law and administrative punishment law , thereby strengthening the restraint on state officials in exercising power .
the npc standing committee also adopted various approaches , such as carrying out law enforcement inspections and hearing work reports of law enforcement organs , in order to strengthen its supervision on whether administrative organs , judicial organs , and officials of these organs fulfil their duties according to law .
he said that , over the past year , the npc standing committee has made definite progress in its supervision work and has accumulated experiences for formulation of the supervision law .
based on individual decisions and laws on supervision work , the npc standing committee will sum up practical experiences and make earnest efforts to draft the supervision law .
zeng jianhui spoke to reporters about the above issues at a news conference held at the great hall of the people this morning .
he briefed reporters on the preparatory meeting for $number session of $number npc and $number meeting of the session 's presidium held after the preparatory meeting , which has just ended .
zhang wannian , member of the political bureau and secretariat of the cpc central committee and vice chairman of the central military commission [ cmc ] , today spoke on the taiwan issue at a group discussion of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] delegation to the current national people 's congress [ npc ] session of the " report on the work of the government . "
he said : in his government work report , premier zhu rongji fully affirmed the tremendous achievements china scored last year in reform and opening up and modernization and clearly set forth the targets , tasks , and guidelines of the government 's work for this year .
particularly , premier zhu rongji 's work report included specific discussion on the settlement of the taiwan issue and promotion of the great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland , fully manifesting the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and the eight - point proposal put forward by president jiang zemin . it is yet another important proclamation by our party and government on our principle and policy toward taiwan and it once again demonstrated our party and government 's firm resolution and great sincerity in accelerating the process of the motherland 's peaceful reunification .
zhang wannian said : bringing about total reunification of the motherland is a common will and wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
since hong kong 's and macao 's reversion to the motherland , settling the taiwan issue to finally accomplish the motherland 's reunification has more prominently lain in front of us .
the taiwan issue is one left by china 's civil war in this century . the world recognizes that there is only one china , and taiwan is a part of china .
over the years , we have adhered to the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " forcefully promoting development of cross - strait relations and laying an important foundation for accomplishing the great cause of motherland 's reunification .
since li denghui [ lee teng - hui ] threw out his " two states theory " last year , it has aroused all chinese people 's righteous indignation and people throughout the country have unfolded a political struggle against splittism and " taiwan independence , " defending the one - china principle and taiwan 's status as a part of china .
what calls for our vigilance is that the splittist forces in taiwan have insisted on doing things their way , tried to strengthen their hands with foreign forces , confused and poisoned people 's minds , and gone further on the road of splitting the motherland .
some foreign forces unwilling to see china 's reunification also have further intervened in the taiwan issue in an attempt to hamper the process of china 's reunification .
zhang wannian solemnly and justly pointed out : the pla is a great wall of steel for defending the motherland , and it shoulders the sacred duty of ensuring china 's national security and territorial integrity and the motherland 's reunification .
the constitution and law stipulate that ensuring the motherland 's reunification and opposing splittism are the sacred mission of the people 's army .
in the process of settling the taiwan issue , we will do whatever we can to bring about peaceful reunification .
but , in the event that any serious incidents to split taiwan from china under any pretext occur , that a foreign country invades taiwan , or that the taiwan authorities refuse for an indefinite time to settle the issue of cross - strait peaceful reunification through talks , then we will be forced to take all possible drastic measures to accomplish the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
this is our long - held stand .
the chinese pla completely has the resolve , confidence , ability , and way to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity , and by no means will tolerate and sit by idly watching any plot to split the motherland succeed .
peaceful reunification between taiwan and the mother mainland is in line with the fundamental interests of compatriots on the two sides of the strait and of the chinese nation .
the two sides of the strait must not remain separated forever and the taiwan issue must not drag on indefinitely .
" taiwan independence " means a war and splittism will preclude peace .
together with people throughout the country , including taiwan compatriots , the pla will unwaveringly uphold the state 's will as the paramount will , uphold national interests as the paramount interests , and will take all means to resolutely smash any forces ' political adventure to split the motherland .
we also believe that the large number of taiwan compatriots , including officers and men of taiwan 's military , will make a wise choice at a moment affecting china 's overall national interest and their own fates .
zhang wannian stressed : under the correct leadership and command of the party central committee and president jiang , the pla has made tremendous progress in making itself more revolutionary , modernized , and regularized , and has completely accomplished all tasks entrusted to it by the party and people .
facing the new century , the pla is shouldering heavy tasks .
officers and men of all of the armed services , with deng xiaoping 's thinking on military building in the new period as guidance , should perseveringly and thoroughly implement a series of important discussions of chairman jiang on military building , forcefully step up ideological and political building , thoroughly implement the military strategy and guiding principle for the new period , persist in building up the military employing science and technology , accelerate weapons and armament development , deepen reform in all areas , continue to enhance the troops ' fighting capacity , make good preparations for a military struggle using high standards , provide a strong and forceful security assurance for reform and opening up and socialist modernization , and make due contributions to accomplishing the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
we firmly believe that , under the strong leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at its core , and with common efforts of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese , the motherland 's total reunification definitely can be achieved .
the article says the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " published by the chinese government has evoked strong repercussions at home and abroad .
the government work report made by premier zhu rongji at $number session of $number national people 's congress has further expounded the chinese government 's consistent stand on settling the taiwan issue .
the speech by central military commission (cmc) vice chairman zhang wannian at a meeting of the delegation of the people 's liberation army (pla) to examine the government work report has fully reflected the common desire of all the officers and men of the entire armed forces and the armed police force to realize at an early date the complete reunification of the motherland , and has expressed our determination and conviction to settle the taiwan issue .
our people 's armed forces will undertake better the sacred mission of safeguarding the motherland 's unification in accordance with the requirements of the party central committee and the cmc .
the article points out that since the return of hong kong and macao one after the other to the motherland , the great cause of promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland has entered a new historical stage .
putting an end to the situation of the separation of the two sides of the strait at an early date and realizing complete reunification of the motherland is where the fundamental interests of the chinese nation lies , and is an irresistible historical trend .
because of this , the cpc and the chinese government have shown the greatest sincerity and made the greatest efforts to strive for the realization of peaceful reunification in accordance with the " one country , two system " principle .
however , splittist forces that seek " taiwan independence " and have cooked up the " two - state theory " have not given up their attempts to split up the motherland and have not given up their ambition of splitting taiwan from the motherland at the so - called " legal " level .
what is worthy of special attention is that recently , a prominent figure who has consistently sought " taiwan independence " has on the one hand brazenly clamored " long live taiwan independence , " and has on the other hand used beautiful words pleasant to the ear to falsely say he wants to have " goodwill and reconciliation , positive cooperation , and lasting peace " with the mainland in a bid to deceive the taiwan people .
the " constitutional white paper " published not long ago is in essence a " taiwan independence declaration . "
we must never be misled by his sweet words .
besides , we have consistently opposed foreign forces ' meddling in the taiwan issue and opposed the attempts of some people in the us congress to sell advanced weapons to taiwan under all kinds of pretexts and by means of concocting the " taiwan security enhancement act . "
the article reaffirms that the chinese government 's adherence to the principle " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " has remained unchanged , and the eight - point proposal on developing cross - strait relations and promoting the process of the peaceful reunification of the motherland put forward by president jiang zemin has remained unchanged .
however , this principle is based on the principle of adhering to the one - china principle , which is also the prerequisite of the former .
we hope to have peaceful reunification and know fully well that the taiwan compatriots are also eager for peace . we do not hope to see a war and believe the taiwan compatriots do not want to see a war and do not want to see compatriots of the same flesh and blood resorting to arms against each other .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification , and will do all we can and make the greatest efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
however , we must explicitly point out : " taiwan independence " means war and splitting up cannot result in peace .
this is because " taiwan independence " and a split will only undermine china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , will only split taiwan from the motherland , and will only make it impossible to have peaceful reunification of the motherland .
creating a split and seeking independence under whatever name and in whatever way by the " taiwan independence " and splittist forces is the most serious provocation against china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
this is a very dangerous act of playing with fire that no chinese will find acceptable .
realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is in the highest interest of the country and the nation , is the firm and unshakable will of all the chinese people , and is a great goal that can never be changed .
on this major issue of principle on which the future and destiny of the chinese nation hinge , there is no room for compromise at all .
the article says the pla , which regards the nation 's interest as the highest interest and the country 's will as the highest will , has always regarded safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity and realizing complete reunification of the motherland as its own sacred mission . no matter what kind of " taiwan independence " splittist activities may occur , our armed forces will spare no effort to fight a bloody war for state sovereignty and territorial integrity as they did in the past and they will do at present and in the future .
we entirely have the determination , confidence , ability and ways to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and will never allow even one inch of land to be split from the territory of the motherland .
in order to safeguard the interests of all the chinese people including the taiwan compatriots and to safeguard the peace and development of the asia - pacific region , we resolutely support our government 's principle " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " for settling the taiwan issue , and the eight - point proposal on promoting the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland put forward by president jiang , and try all we can to strive for peaceful reunification .
however , regarding " taiwan independence " and the splittist forces , the $number bold warriors of the pla are ready in full battle array , maintain high vigilance , and will never tolerate or sit idly by to see the success of any attempt to split up china .
if any grave event occurs leading to severing taiwan from china under any name , if any foreign country invades and occupies taiwan , or if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to peacefully settle the taiwan issue through holding talks , we will use all means to resolutely smash any attempt to split up china and realize the complete reunification of the motherland .
there is an old saying in china : good will be rewarded with good , and evil with evil . if it is not rewarded , the time has not yet come . once the time comes , everything will be rewarded .
safeguarding the motherland 's unification is the greatest " good . " to the chinese people , splitting up the motherland is the most serious " evil . "
if the " taiwan independence " and splittist forces risk universal condemnation and go further down the road of " evil , " they will certainly be punished by history .
all chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots and the taiwan officers and men , let us unite to oppose a split , stop " taiwan independence , " and jointly strive for the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
beijing , $date (zts) - - a number of high - ranking military officers of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] attending the national people 's congress [ npc ] said today that " taiwan independence " means war , and that settlement of the question of taiwan cannot be delayed indefinitely .
indicating that he personally had no special opinions on the election of a new leader in taiwan , general li laizhu , political commissar of the beijing military region [ mr ] , said : we will not allow foreign meddling in the taiwan issue , nor will we allow taiwan to move toward independence . " taiwan independence " means war .
the pla has made adequate preparations for military actions against taiwan . it has been making preparations since the times of mao zedong and deng xiaoping .
there is no question that the pla can beat taiwan , including fighting the united states .
zhao guojun , commander of a naval fleet [ bureau record shows him as deputy chief of general staff of the navy ] , said : there are overseas reports saying that the pla does not have the power to attack taiwan .
there are currently forces in the united states that do not want to see china reunified .
the pla is paying attention to the election of a new leader in taiwan . no matter who wins the election , the pla will adopt resolute measures if he promotes " taiwan independence . " besides , it is determined , confident , and capable and has the means to smash the " taiwan independence " plot and safeguard the integrity of the nation 's territory and sovereignty .
jin renxie , chief of staff of the chengdu mr , said : the key now is whether the new leader to be elected in taiwan will promote one china or two china 's after he assumes the post .
the mainland has published the white paper , " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " which comprehensively explains the policy toward taiwan . it stresses that we should be prepared for two kinds of development . we do not exclude the use of force in order to create conditions for peaceful reunification . however , if the settlement of the question of taiwan is delayed indefinitely , we should take drastic measures .
it seems that more people are taking out bank deposits to buy tax - free long - term treasury bonds this year since the introduction of the interest tax last $date .
this phenomenon can been seen as the microcosm of china 's economy in the past year : the government was hoping to expand domestic demand , activate the consumer market and guide private investment through its proactive fiscal policy . even the stock market which smacked of " speculation " and " bubbles " started showing a conspicuous " rehabilitation rise . "
people may notice that in his " report on the work of the government " today , premier zhu has rongji devoted a lot of paragraphs to discussions of the economy .
the following are some of the examples : - - through practice and explorations in the past few years , we have accumulated rich experience in dealing with inflation and have gained some initial experience in curbing deflationary trends .
- - we should strive to improve investment returns and take strict precautions against " fishing " [ projects in which only a partial investment is made to get them started , so that they will serve as bait to attract continued investment ] projects and " beard " [ long , drawn - out ] projects .
- - at the same time , we should also adopt positive measures and seriously guard against and prevent financial risks .
- - we should make reform measures more transparent , improve people 's psychological expectations , and encourage people to increase immediate spending .
- - we should actively promote service - type consumption , such as telecommunications , tourism , and cultural , recreational , health care and sports facilities .
- - we should energetically develop the information industry , banking , tourism , community service and other intermediary services . some of the expressions used are new terms never used in previous reports . these include " deflation , " " financial risks , " " immediate spending , " " psychological expectations , " " service - type consumption , " " community service , " " intermediary services , " and " fishing " and " beard " projects .
analysts believe that the use of these new terms in the government work report highlights the new response and new policies of the government leadership in coping with the new economic situation .
in its new proposals , the government has come to understand the importance of " consumption " and " service " and that these two markets represent the real " domestic demand . "
over the past $number years , the chinese leadership has gradually completed the switch from the planned economy to the market economy by " feeling the rocks to cross the river . " from the market economy , it has gradually achieved the ability of macro - control . it is obviously not a matter of luck that a car can move at high speed on a bumpy road without turning over . thus , the western world is amazed at china 's economic achievements not so much because of its high speed as because of its increasingly skillful ability to control the situation .
however , some risks seem to be present all the time .
it goes like this : " when control is lifted , things become lax ; when control is lax , things become chaotic ; when the situation is chaotic , strict control is imposed ; when control is strict , things become rigid ; when things become too rigid , control is lifted . "
this saying figuratively shows that this is indeed an absurd cycle .
an economist once said in writing : a stock market for re - speculation will also reflect the way investors see the future . china 's stock market shows that public confidence has also shown its " rehabilitation rise " because the yuan has not been devalued since the asian financial crisis .
after the issuance of $number yuan worth of long - term treasury bonds in two consecutive years , china will be issuing another $number yuan of treasury bonds this year .
zhu rongji says that this has been " controlled within a tolerable scope " and that " the ability of fiscal repayment is guaranteed . "
observers here believe from what they see of the government 's new response under the new economic situation that china can still expect steady economic growth this year .
the npc and the cppcc have already opened their respective session , and all the relevant reports and speeches of the two sessions have highlighted the taiwan issue . calling for a political talk across the strait and an early realization of the reunification of china has become the most accented appeal at the " two sessions . "
at the opening ceremony of the cppcc session , cppcc vice chairman ye xuanping pointed out : the respective return of hong kong and macao to the embrace of the motherland has marked significant headway in our great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland .
the sacred mission of settling the taiwan issue and bringing about a complete reunification of the motherland has now been emphatically placed before the people of the entire country , including taiwan compatriots and all chinese residing overseas .
all the parties , organizations , and representatives of all nationalities and all social circles participating in the cppcc totally approve of and support the principles expounded by the taiwan affairs office and the information office of the state council in the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " firmly oppose the various separatist activities carried out by taiwan 's separatist forces headed by li denghui [ li teng - hui ] , and resolutely support the solemn stand and all the measures taken by the chinese government on the issue of accelerating the reunification of the motherland and safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country .
both the chinese and foreign media have noticed that in the work report delivered on behalf of the cppcc standing committee , ye xuanping lashed out three times at li denghui 's " two - state theory " by name , and strongly condemned the attempts of the taiwan authorities for their moves to split the motherland .
according to a cppcc member , by criticizing li denghui by name , ye xuanping aimed to tell the several " presidential candidates " in taiwan to make a clean break with li denghui , the " chief representative of taiwan independence " ; and to part from the " li denghui line . "
in his government work report delivered at the npc session , premier zhu rongji also stressed emphatically : china will by no means remain indifferent to any serious separatist activities which aim at impairing china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and at practicing the " two - state theory " and " taiwan independence . " the one - china principle serves as the basis and prerequisite for a peaceful reunification ; on the basis of this principle , any issue can be discussed in dialogues and negotiations across the strait .
he also reiterated : we have placed hopes on the taiwan authorities , and have all the more placed hopes on taiwan people ; and we are willing to , together with the vast numbers of taiwan compatriots , make continued efforts to promote the cross - strait relations and to realize the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
the chinese people have the determination and the absolute ability to bring about an early settlement to the taiwan issue , and to complete the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
both inside and outside the meeting place of the " two sessions , " topics on the taiwan issue and the reunification issue still remain the focus of discussion among the delegates and members .
cppcc member yun damian expressed his support for the one - china principle , and reiterated his resolute opposition to separatist activities of various forms .
he pointed out : throughout the history , taiwan has always been one part of the chinese territory and a province in china ; therefore , no matter how hard one may try to advocate the " two - state theory , " he cannot change anything .
li denghui 's " two - state theory " is a ridiculous statement .
as regards the timetable for the settlement of the taiwan issue , he believed it is hard to tell for sure , and the crux of the matter is that the issue cannot be dragged on indefinitely .
chen jinlie , another cppcc member , indicated : in the upcoming taiwan general election , any wise candidate will choose to abandon li denghui 's " two - state theory " once he is elected as taiwan 's new leader , for the " two - state theory " is actually dished out in haste by li denghui for the purpose of setting a line for the future successful candidate to follow .
chen jinlie personally believed that the candidate from the dpp has no chance of winning the election , for the overwhelming majority of taiwan compatriots disapprove the " taiwan independence " line advocated by the dpp .
cppcc member shi ziqing noted : china always pursues a peaceful reunification .
no matter who wins the upcoming taiwan election , he cannot split the motherland . he hopes that the appearance of a new leader in taiwan can help prompt political negotiations between the two sides of the strait .
he also believed that the settlement of the issue should not be put off indefinitely and a specific deadline should be set for the final settlement of the issue .
the beijing - based china social survey firm conducted a survey prior to the opening of the " two sessions . " according to the results of the survey , among the $number valid survey samples , $number percent believed " it is better to settle the taiwan issue earlier than later , " while $number percent of the respondents held that " taiwan independence will definitely lead to a war between the two sides of the taiwan strait . "
all the respondents of the survey noted : the white paper on the one - china principle has once again declared to the world that the chinese government will make no compromise or concession to anyone on the issue of the one - china principle .
most of the respondent believed that by making it clear that china may be forced to use force " if the taiwan authorities indefinitely reject a peaceful reunification through negotiations , " the white paper has set a " timetable which gives no specific time , " and this is something that the mainland is forced to do by the taiwan authorities .
prior to the opening of the " two sessions , " a taiwan expert in taiwan also pointed out to the media that the chinese government has clear aims in its publication of the white paper : $number of all , it aims to warn taiwan independence forces not to separate taiwan from china in any form ; secondly , it aims to warn foreign forces not to support taiwan independence or interfere in china 's internal affairs through such means as arms sales and legislation ; and $number , it aims to warn taiwan 's future new leader not to stick to li denghui 's " two - state theory " but return to the principled stand of one china , resume dialogues and negotiations with the mainland , and make concerted efforts to push forward the great cause of peaceful reunification .
hong kong , $date (zts) - - the white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " issued by the state council of china has constituted a great shock to taiwan society , in political and academic circles as well as the " presidential " election .
since the publication of the white paper , the cry of all circles in taiwan society for paying attention to the cross - strait crisis and returning to the " one - china " policy has become increasingly high .
thanks to the strong demand by the general public for improving cross - strait relations , taiwan authorities could not but issue its " stability card . " relevant departments recently unceasingly released information on relaxation , saying that the " three links " would be rapidly started after the presidential election and the policy of " no haste , be patient " would be adjusted after the election . the taiwan affairs council recently also had to reiterate the principle of " one china respectively interpreted by each side " and the " national unification guidelines , " which it had not mentioned for a long time in an attempt to raise the election prospects of the kuomintang .
however , public opinion in taiwan pointed out that the kuomintang authorities and its top echelon have still unceasingly stressed the " two - state theory " while reiterating the principle of " one china respectively interpreted by each side , " claiming that " one china respectively interpreted by each side " and the " theory of special state - to - state relations " are one and the same thing .
hence , actually there is no change in the cross - strait policies of the kuomintang . it has just continued to play word games .
on the other hand , some people in taiwan political circles such as former control yuan president ch 'en lu - an said after the publication of the white paper that in consideration of the prospects of cross - strait relations , cross - strait talks must be carried out in the future .
there is only a little $number days before the presidential election . taiwan voters will cast votes to elect their new leader and this person will be the key figure affecting the cross - strait war and destiny . however , as yet , the groups of candidates , especially the three most popular candidates , are still unclear on cross - strait policies .
in particular , they have no clear policies and propositions for taiwan 's crucial position during political talks and concerning the definition of one china , which makes the taiwan people in all walks of life feel extremely anxious .
the election observation team which was composed of several scholars and experts recently scored the five election pairs on their cross - strait policies , and the results showed that the cross - strait policies of none of the election pairs could attain the acceptable level .
scholars of the observation team pointed out that the cross - strait topics for discussion are so important , but taking a sweeping view of the election candidates , they all lack an integrated and identical concept of the proposition on cross - strait policies . almost all of their concepts in this regard are pieced together by five to six kinds of ideologies , which make people unable to get a clear understanding of what are the cross - strait policies of the " future new president . "
hence , scholars and experts of this observation team called on the voters to be careful in selecting the candidate for the future president .
however , public opinion in taiwan appealed that all groups of candidates should seize the time and rapidly adjust their policies and tell the voters clearly with an attitude of assuming responsibility in the face of the choice of major policies which a politician should have now that taiwan is facing an important choice on the issue of bringing security and happiness to the taiwan people , and should clearly define feasible cross - strait policies that would make taiwan avoid taking a dangerous road .
taiwan public opinion held that cross - strait relations have reached an extremely important critical moment and that during the last stage of taiwan 's presidential election , the cross - strait issue will continue to ferment and become the biggest variable which influences the results of the election .
and after the presidential election , no matter which group of candidates wins , it cannot avoid the cross - strait issue . they must realistically face the white paper on the one - china principle and formulate feasible policies on cross - strait relations that can make the people on both sides of the strait feel at ease .
beijing , $date (zxs) - - addressing a group discussion held by the inner mongolia delegation on the afternoon of $date , buhe , vice chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , said : premier zhu rongji 's government work report stressed the strategy of actively developing west china and the issues of expeditiously developing central and west china . this is an important and very popular policy decision . it has a strategic significance whereby if we can properly accomplish this task , other regions will also be invigorated .
npc vice chairman buhe is a mongolian and is former chairman of the inner mongolia autonomous regional government .
buhe said : implementing the strategy of actively developing west china - - which is an important part of china 's modernization drive and an important concrete action for facilitating the three - step strategic objectives aimed at modernizing china - - is an unavoidable requirement for china 's various nationalities to attain common prosperity .
he said : we should fully understand the great strategic significance in the work of actively developing west china . we should seize precious opportunities , work urgently , and take immediate actions .
buhe pointed out : the work of actively developing west china is a large - scale and systematic project . we must stress key tasks and systematically implement them .
we should expeditiously develop infrastructure construction projects , earnestly intensify efforts to enhance ecological and environmental protection , actively facilitate industrial restructuring , strive to develop scientific and technological education programs , and continue to deepen reform and open up wider to the outside world .
he held : whether we can truly develop china 's west regions depends on people , on correct leadership , and on the implementation of policies .
we should strengthen leadership , intensify propaganda , and improve laws and regulations .
we should regard developing china 's west regions as an opportunity for us to comprehensively facilitate various tasks .
we should enable the broad masses of cadres and people to earnestly , comprehensively , and correctly understand the central authorities ' strategic plans so that we can properly carry out this great undertaking which has eternal impacts on future generations .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - this afternoon , li peng , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and chairman of the national people 's congress (npc) standing committee , attended $number full meeting of the beijing delegation attending $number session of $number npc and , along with the other deputies , reviewed the government work report .
soon after taking a seat at the beijing hall of the great hall of the people , li said : " as an npc deputy of the beijing municipality , i am going to deliberate the government work report with you .
i hope we shall center our discussion around the report .
i shall also air my views in my capacity as a deputy . "
li 's remarks enlivened the atmosphere at the meeting place .
deputies asked to speak one after another . they heatedly expressed their views around the government work report they heard at the opening ceremony of the session in the morning .
the main topics discussed by the deputies today involve reducing the burdens of primary and middle school students , advancing quality education , and stepping up moral character education among teenagers .
in their speeches , zhang gongqing , sun weigang , and li jinhai said that education should serve the cause of socialism and meet the growing needs of society .
society should create a healthy environment for the growth of teenagers and , while carrying out quality education , initiate the spirit of hard struggle and the spirit of being down - to - earth . after the burdens of primary and middle school students are reduced , it is necessary to strengthen guidance in order to cultivate a new generation of people suited to the needs of the new era .
in her speech , wang lingfei said : at the ongoing enterprise reform , it is necessary to show concern for the interests of workers and staff members and make proper arrangements for those who are laid off .
we should tighten supervision over state - owned enterprises and improve the mechanisms for stimulating and restraining large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises in order to be able to administer enterprises according to the law .
jiang xiaoke , who has been engaging in environmental protection work for many years , has repeatedly talked about this issue at panel discussions .
in her view , the beijing municipality has taken air pollution control as a focus of its work and has attained some results .
in the future , it will be necessary to continue to take effective measures to step up environmental protection work in the whole of society .
full consideration should be taken of the protracted and complex nature of this work and ensure , in terms of mechanism , the success of this work by formulating relevant laws and regulations .
li peng listened attentively to the views of the deputies and seriously took notes . after the deputies finished speaking , he expressed his views .
$number of all , he said he agreed with the government work report made by premier zhu rongji on behalf of the state council .
later , he put forward his views on various issues , such as the correct handling of the relationship between reform , development , and stability ; china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) ; the advancement of quality education ; and intensified control of the environment .
li said : reform is an exploration process . therefore , when working out reform measures , we should take into account the capability of society , people , and enterprises to withstand the strains .
in line with central planning , the beijing municipality should grasp well the intensity of reform in order to maintain social stability and make the people live and work in peace and contentment .
with regard to china 's accession to the wto , li pointed out : the world should not be dominated by one country or a small number of countries . political pluralization is conducive to world peace .
economic globalization , which is the trend of the times , presents us with both opportunities and challenges .
on the one hand , we should seize the opportunities and take the initiative ; on the other hand , we should learn how to protect ourselves , pursue the good , and avoid the bad .
with regard to the question of advancing quality education , li said : " with a mighty force passing through a difficult path , " this baton is affecting our quality education .
society needs all kinds of talented people . it is necessary to change the outdated concept concerning talented people and advocate the need for " every profession to produce its own leading authority . "
we should see the arduous nature of reducing the burden of primary and middle school students . the whole society should be concerned with this issue .
li is very concerned about the work of the beijing municipality .
he said : last year , the beijing municipality made a lot of progress in all fields of endeavor , and the face of its urban construction changed considerably . it has contributed to the grand celebrations marking the $number anniversary of the founding of the prc .
as a beijing resident , i agree that beijing should submit an application to sponsor the olympic games $date .
it is hoped that beijing will continue to exert great efforts in environmental protection work and intensify environmental control .
jia qinglin , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and he luli , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , also attended the meeting .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - cpc central committee general secretary and state president jiang zemin this afternoon attended in the great hall of the people the plenary meetings of the hainan and qinghai delegations to $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , to examine and discuss the government work report with the deputies .
he pointed out that whatever work we are tackling , we must seek truth from facts and base our work on reality .
we can only achieve solid and tangible results by formulating policy and carrying out work in close connection with local reality .
the hainan and qinghai delegations gave their views on the government work report in connection with their local reality .
hainan deputies du qinglin , wang xiaofeng , wang faren , wang yuquan , and du bilan spoke on speeding up hainan 's economic development , enhancing overall economic quality , enlivening the state enterprises , meeting the challenge of entry into the world trade organization , developing fishery resources , and developing marine economy .
qinghai deputies bai enpei , deng bentai , han shangwen , and ma peihua , and comrade zhao leji spoke on speeding up qinghai 's social and economic development , instituting the big development of west china and spurring qinghai 's development , ecological construction in the headwaters of the big rivers , all - round implementation of policies on nationalities and religion , building the infrastructure for grassroots social undertakings , developing strong - point resources , and innovations in science and technology .
the atmosphere at the meeting of both delegations was enthusiastic ; jiang zemin listened by the side , interposed at times , and held discussions with the deputies on a number of issues .
after earnestly listening to the hainan delegation 's speeches , jiang zemin said that hainan is china 's largest special economic zone .
it was comrade deng xiaoping 's behest that hainan should be developed .
protecting the ecology benefits the country and the people and is a major affair related to sustainable development and to creating happiness for our posterity .
we must focus on the long term , grasp the present , make all - round plans for ecological construction and implement them year on year , doing everything possible to provide good protection .
hainan is the motherland 's treasure island with good ecology and unique resources , and we must carefully protect them and use them in a rational way .
jiang zemin emphasized that in order to make a success of all work , the party committees at all levels must have powerful cohesion and combat strength , and the party members and cadres must constantly play their vanguard and model role .
it is necessary to step up the party 's ideological , organizational , and work style building and the building of the leadership groups at all levels and of the cadre force in connection with the new historical conditions , and in particular , do a good job in building the grassroots party organizations .
special economic zones must advance in the forefront not only in reform and opening up and economic development but also in building socialist spiritual civilization .
we must uphold the guideline of " grasping things with both hands , with both hands firm , " further strengthen ideological and moral education and the building of science and culture , and further intensify the comprehensive tackling of social atmosphere and social order .
only by doing an ever better job in building material and spiritual civilization can we fully display the superiority of socialism with chinese characteristics .
after listening to the speeches of the qinghai delegation , jiang zemin said , our western regions cover a vast area and are rich in resources , and the cadres and masses of all nationalities there are hardworking and down to earth .
the purpose of the central authorities in setting out the strategy of big development of the west is to speed up development there , gradually narrow the disparities in development between the east and west , and comprehensively impel china 's modernization .
the western provinces and autonomous regions must seize the opportunity , base their work on reality , be clear about the idea of development geared to the new century , and speed up their development .
jiang zemin pointed out that in speeding up infrastructure construction with state support , the western areas must give priority to developing education and science and technology .
the key to developing the west lies in talent , and the key to cultivating talent lies in education ; it is $number necessary to concentrate forces for promoting primary education .
it is necessary to devote great efforts to doing a good job in protecting and building the ecological environment .
we should gradually improve the ecological environment through returning farmland to forest and pasture and tackling soil erosion .
returning farmland to forest and pasture is extremely arduous and complex work which involves the peasants ' production , livelihood , and vital interests ; it is work with a strong policy sense , and it must be carried out in a planned and measured way by respect for the masses ' wishes , careful planning , and appropriate guidance .
we must intensify economic restructuring , lay a firm foundation of agriculture , do a good job in exploiting and added - value processing of resources , take advantage of local strong points , develop economy with local characteristics , develop new economic growth points , and embark on a path of development with our own characteristics .
jiang zemin pointed out that instituting the policy of big development of west china provides good development opportunities for the provinces there .
the key to whether the opportunity can be seized and development speeded up lies in the leadership and in the quality of the personnel .
the leading party and government cadres at all levels must achieve great improvement , from ideological style to work style , so as to meet the demands of the new situation and tasks .
they must emancipate their minds , seek truth from facts , further change their concepts , strengthen their awareness of reform and opening up , establish the sense of responsibility and sense of cause for contributing to the overall situation , persist in basing their work on reality , truly tackle the work in a practical way , and stress practical results .
building a strong and effective cadre force is an important guarantee for making a success of the big development of the west .
in connection with " three stresses " education , we should enhance the quality of the cadre force and the cohesion and combat strength of the party organizations .
development of the west is an urgent task , and it is also necessary to make ideological preparations for a long period of endeavor , and ceaselessly strive to do a solid job in work .
it is necessary to comprehensively implement the party 's policies on minority nationalities and religion , unswervingly hold aloft the banner of the unity of nationalities , strengthen and consolidate the great unity of nationalities , resolutely oppose the sabotage activities of ethnic separatism , resolutely uphold national unity , and consolidate and develop the political situation of stability and unity .
npc standing committee vice chairman ding shisun attended the hainan delegation meeting .
he emphasized the necessity to vigorously implement the strategy of rejuvenating the nation by applying scientific and technological advances and promoting education , and to take a further step to promote the reform of the medical care system .
in the jiangsu room of the great hall of the people , the deputies concentrated their discussion on the government work report and expressed their views in light of their actual work .
ji yunshi , npc deputy and governor of jiangsu province , spoke $number .
in his view , the government work report delivered by premier zhu rongji has recalled and summed up the situation of last year 's economic and social development ; comprehensively arranged the work for $number ; and it is a report of emancipating people 's mind , seeking truth from facts , advocating actual deeds and urging people to make rapid progress .
wang hongmin , npc deputy and mayor of nanjing city , believes that what the report says is simple in language but perfect in meaning , clear in concept , and feasible ; and that it has enhanced his confidence .
they were gu guanqun , npc deputy , academician of the chinese academy of engineering and president of the southeast university ; yang guozhen , npc deputy and director of the institute of physics under the chinese academy of sciences ; and ding peiling , npc deputy and senior teacher of the langya road primary school in nanjing city .
deputy gu guanqun pointed out that colleges and universities should step up the education in the basic quality of students , motivate students ' innovative spirit , and cultivate their ability of creation ; and that a further step should be taken to promote the reform of the system for managing the institutions of higher learning and the internal management system of schools to meet the need of the development of socialist market economy .
he also suggested that network information techniques be adopted to develop long - distance education .
deputy yang guozhen believes that it is necessary to further improve the knowledge innovation work so as to lay a good foundation for technological innovation ; to fully attach importance to basic research and step up the building of scientific bases ; and to continue to increase investment in science and technology and train a number of outstanding scientists and technicians .
deputy ding peiling made a three - point suggestion on improving school education and reducing students ' burden - - to conscientiously change concept and foster a correct outlook on education , to step up studies on the reform of education and teaching , and to strengthen the contingents of teachers and strive to improve the quality of teachers .
li lanqing attentively listened to the deputies ' speeches , taking notes and inquiring the deputies about relevant matters now and then .
he said : with the rapid development of science and technology at the turn of the century , there has been some inkling of a knowledge - based economy , and the trial of strength among nations is becoming more and more intense day by day . we are facing very rigorous challenges as well as tremendous opportunities .
so long as we seize the opportunities and vigorously implement the strategy of rejuvenating the nation by applying scientific and technological advances and promoting education , we will be able to achieve great development .
he emphasized : we should attach importance to both basic scientific research and applied scientific and technological research . in particular , the applied scientific and technological research should be market - oriented and focus on industrialization .
the institutes for applied scientific and technological research should release their energy in store and become actual productive forces and new areas of economic growth by joining enterprises or by reorganizing themselves into enterprises .
on the educational work , he pointed out that at present we should seriously organize the study and implementation of the spirit of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech on educational issues and earnestly strengthen and improve the educational work . on the reform of the medical care system , li lanqing emphasized the necessity to introduce a competition mechanism to enable patients to choose hospitals , pharmacies and doctors , and to provide the people with a superior , inexpensive and highly efficient medical service .
legqog , chairman of the tibet regional government and an npc deputy , took the floor $number .
i am greatly encouraged by premier zhu rongji 's government work report . the development of the west region as mentioned in the government work report has further increased our opportunities and enhanced our confidence in speeding up the development of tibet .
with the concern of the cpc central committee and state council and the support from the people of the whole country , the situation of tibet 's political , economic , and social development is fine .
we will seize the historic opportunity of the development of the western region and earnestly study new ideas , mechanism , and measures suited to tibet 's characteristics .
we should focus attention on the following at present : speed up construction of infrastructure like transportation , telecommunications and energy industries , intensify environment protection , consolidate the foundation status of agriculture and animal husbandry , and further economic restructuring . we should give prominence to tibet 's characteristics and advantages , vigorously develop science , technology , and education , and improve the people 's cultural life .
in their speeches , deputy lobsang gyaincain , mayor of lhasa , and deputy wang jianping , chief of the tibet armed police detachment , made specific proposals on accelerating the building of tibet 's infrastructure , developing tourism , increasing a sense of the market , enhancing hi - tech and education work , and strengthening exchanges and cooperation with the other provinces and municipalities in the interior .
hu jintao listened attentively to the speeches delivered by the deputies . he interrupted them occasionally , exchanging his views and exploring the problems with them .
after listening to the speeches made by the deputies , hu jintao said that the central government seized the opportune moment to propose the strategy of developing the west , which has attracted attention at home and abroad .
this is the specific manifestation of comrade deng xiaoping 's strategic thinking on the " two overall situations . " it is an inevitable requirement for realizing the grand objective of china 's development transcending the century . it also offers a golden opportunity for tibet 's development in the new century .
in the implementation of the strategy to develop the west , the key to realizing a faster and better economic and social development in tibet lies in proceeding from tibet 's actual situation and taking a development path suited to the needs of the new situation and conforming to tibet 's reality .
in the final analysis , the implementation of the strategy to develop the west means continuously improving the living standards of the people and attaining common prosperity of all ethnic groups .
in the entire process of the implementation of the strategy , we should think of the masses , work for them , unite the people of all nationalities , and ensure that the strategy will bring practical benefits to all the ethnic groups in tibet .
hu jintao stressed that stability is a premise for economic development and nothing can be achieved without a stable social environment .
the continuous development of tibet 's economic construction and other social undertakings and the achievements attained in recent years are inseparable from our efforts to maintain social stability .
in the new situation , it is inevitably required by the stability of the overall situation of the whole country to maintain the stability of tibet . herein lies the fundamental interest of the people of all nationalities in tibet and the guarantee for tibet 's development .
we should unswervingly safeguard unification of the motherland and oppose separation with a clear - cut stand .
we should earnestly implement the spirit of the cpc central committee 's directives on tibet work , boost the economy , and improve the people 's living standards so that the masses can further feel the warmth of the big family of the motherland . at the same time , we should strengthen ideological and political work , guide the broad masses to distinguish between right and wrong , enhance their patriotic stand , and increase a sense of maintaining social stability and strengthening unity among various nationalities . pagbalha geleg namgyai , npc vice chairman , was present on the occasion .
general chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission [ cmc ] and a deputy to the current national people 's congress [ npc ] session , today said that the chinese people by no means will allow even an inch of territory to be split from the motherland .
he warned taiwan 's splittist forces that those playing with fire are bound to get burnt .
at a discussion on the government work report of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] delegation to the current npc session , chi haotian stressed : following hong kong 's and macao 's reversion to the motherland , all chinese people have more eagerly hoped to settle the taiwan issue and bring about the motherland 's total reunification at an early date .
taiwan is a part of the sacred territory of china , and the chinese people will by no means allow even an inch of territory to be split from the motherland .
we want to sternly warn those splittist elements that those playing with fire are bound to get burnt , and troublemakers who undermine reunification will certainly come to no good end .
the chinese government and people completely have the resolve and ability to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
we will by no means tolerate , appease , or sit by idly watching the success of any plot to split china .
any plot to split china is fated to fail .
chi haotian also offered his opinions on further reforming and improving the national defense mobilization system , the military 's participation in and support for the great development of the western region , and other issues .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - jiefangjun bao on $date is to carry a commentator 's article entitled " ' taiwan independence ' means war . "
the full text of the article follows : the release of the white paper on " the one - china principle and taiwan issue " by the chinese government has aroused strong repercussions at home and abroad .
in his government work report made at $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , premier zhu rongji further expounded on the chinese government 's consistent position on resolving the taiwan issue .
in his speech made at the panel meeting of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] delegation to discuss the government work report , zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , fully reflected the common aspirations of the vast number of the officers and men of the army and the armed police forces for the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date and expressed our determination and confidence in resolving the taiwan issue .
our people 's armed forces will better undertake the sacred mission of safeguarding the reunification of the motherland in line with the requirements of the party central committee and the central military commission .
the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland has pushed the great cause of the peaceful reunification of the motherland to a new historical stage .
terminating the separate state of the two sides of the strait and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date are where the fundamental interests of the chinese nation lie , as well as an irreversible historical trend .
to this end , the cpc and the chinese government have shown greatest sincerity and made utmost efforts to realize peaceful reunification in the form of " one country , two systems . "
however , the " taiwan independence " and separatist forces who concocted the " two - state " theory have by no means given up their attempt to split up the motherland and their ambition to achieve the so - called " de jure " separation of taiwan from the motherland .
what draws our special attention is that recently , the leading protagonists who have consistently advocated " taiwan independence , " while at the same time brazenly shouting " long live the taiwan independence , " used some beautiful and touching words to deceive the taiwan people by falsely saying that they would maintain " goodwill compromise , active cooperation , and permanent peace " with the mainland side .
the so - called " white paper on constitutional policies " which was issued not long ago is , in fact , a " letter of declaration on taiwan independence . "
we must never be confused by such sweet words .
at the same time , we have consistently opposed foreign forces ' involvement in the taiwan issue , as well as some us congressmen 's attempt to sell advanced arms to taiwan by means of concocting the " taiwan security enhancement act " and under all kinds of pretexts .
the chinese government 's adherence to the policy on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " has remained unchanged , nor does president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal for developing the cross - strait relations and promoting the progress of peaceful reunification of the motherland .
however , persisting in the one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for this policy .
we hope to have peaceful reunification . we are also deeply aware of the taiwan compatriots ' yearning desire for peace . we do not hope to see a war and also believe that the taiwan compatriots are not willing to see a war , or a battle between the compatriots of the same flesh and blood , either .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification ; we will do our best and exert our utmost efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
however , we must clearly point out that " taiwan independence " means war and that there will be no peace under splittism .
because " taiwan independence " and splittism can merely sabotage china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , separate taiwan from the motherland , and make it impossible to realize the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
fomenting splits and seeking independence by " taiwan independence " and separatist forces under any pretexts and in any forms are all extremely great provocation [ ji da tiao xin $number $number $number $number ] against china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
this is an extremely dangerous act of playing with fire and cannot be accepted by all chinese people .
realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is in the foremost interests of the country and the nation , the firm and unshakable will of all chinese people , and a great goal which will never be changed .
there is no room for compromise on this major issue of principle which has a bearing on the future and destiny of the chinese nation .
the chinese pla , which takes the interests of the nation as its foremost interests and the will of the state as its highest will , has always regarded safeguarding the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland as its sacred mission .
no matter what kinds of " taiwan independence " separatist activities may occur at present and in the future , our army will spare no efforts to fight a bloody war for the state sovereignty and territorial integrity just as it did in the past .
we will have full determination , confidence , capability , and ways to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and will never allow an inch of land to be separated from the territory of the motherland .
to safeguard the interests of the chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots and to safeguard the peace and development of the asia - pacific region , we will resolutely support our government 's efforts to resolve the taiwan issue in line with the policy on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal for promoting the progress of peaceful reunification , and we will do all means possible to strive for peaceful reunification .
besides , $number pla mighty army officers and men are standing in combat readiness and maintain high vigilance against " taiwan independence " and separatist forces . they will never tolerate or sit idly by to see the success of any attempt to split up china .
if any grave incident of separating taiwan from china under any pretexts takes place , if any foreign force occupies taiwan , and if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse to peacefully resolve the issue of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , we will apply all means to resolutely smash any attempt to split up china and to realize the complete reunification of the motherland .
there is an old saying in china . good will be rewarded with good , and evil with evil . if the reward is not forthcoming , it is because the time has not yet come .
when the time comes , one will get one 's due reward . safeguarding the reunification of the motherland is the utmost " good . " as for the chinese people , splitting up the motherland is the most serious " evil . "
if " taiwan independence " and splittist forces have the daring to do the most serious evil on earth and to travel farther and farther down the road of doing " evil , " they will certainly by punished by history .
therefore , all the chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots and the taiwan officers and men , should be united to oppose splittism , put an end to " taiwan independence , " and jointly strive for the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
p 'yongyang , $date ( xinhua ) - - kim chong - il , general secretary of the workers ' party of korea [ wpk ] , chairman of the national defense commission of the dprk , and supreme commander of the korean people 's army [ kpa ] , visited the prc embassy in the dprk on the evening of $date at the invitation of wan yongxiang , prc ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary to the dprk .
general secretary kim chong - il and ambassador wang yongxiang spoke glowingly of the dprk - prc friendship and expressed satisfaction with the continuous development of friendly relations between the two countries .
accompanying kim chong - il on his visit to the prc embassy were cho myong - nok , $number vice chairman of the dprk national defense commission and director of the kpa general political department ; kim yong - ch 'un , chief of kpa general staff ; kim il - ch 'ol , minister of the people 's armed forces ; kim kuk - t 'ae and kim yong - sun , secretaries of the wpk central committee ; hyon ch 'ol - hae and pak chae - kyong , kpa generals ; yi myong - su , kpa colonel general ; chang song - t 'aek , member of the wpk central committee and $number vice director of the department of the wpk central committee ; ch 'oe ch 'un - hwang , $number vice director of the department of the wpk central committee ; and chi chae - ryong , vice director of the department of the wpk central committee .
with the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the early settlement of the taiwan issue has been put high on the agenda .
china issued a white paper on the taiwan issue not long ago , comprehensively expounding its principled position regarding the taiwan issue .
therefore , the taiwan issue has become one of the hottest topics at $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] that was held on $date .
long - term postponement means splittism in his government report today , zhu rongji said : we will , as always , stick to the basic principles of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and the eight - point proposal put forward by president jiang zemin , and continue to work hard to do well in various tasks , such as developing cross - strait relations and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
he particularly stressed : we will not sit idly by and watch any serious separatist activities that undermine china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , promote the " two - state theory , " or the " independence " of taiwan .
senior generals of the pla delegation to the npc have expressed their support for this statement .
lieutenant general jin renxie of the chengdu military region said : we have a very clear understanding of the government 's policy toward taiwan , that is , " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
we are very sincere in resolving the issue with the method of peaceful reunification .
but if the taiwan independence elements want to act arbitrarily and insist on independence , then we have to resort to the use of force .
our intention to resolve the taiwan issue by force also represents our effort to create conditions for resolving the taiwan issue peacefully .
major general yue xuanyi , deputy director of the political department of the jinan military region , and major general zheng yongliang , deputy director of the political department of the chengdu military region , said : " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " represents a consistent policy and principle adopted by the cpc central committee .
but we will never promise giving up the use of force .
while showing their support for " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " chinese senior generals said that indefinite postponement of the taiwan issue is also not tolerable .
rear admiral jin mao , deputy director of the armament and repairs department of the navy and major general zheng hongtao , commander of certain base under the general armament department , said : the taiwan issue cannot be postponed indefinitely .
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng , chief of staff of the shenyang military region said : the indefinite postponement of the taiwan issue means the provocation of a war .
long - term postponement means separation . it goes without saying that we should adopt measures .
lieutenant general jin renxie said : as military personnel , we are most concerned about two things : $number , economic development and social stability of our country . $number , the taiwan issue .
safeguarding the motherland 's sovereignty and realization of the motherland 's reunification is an unshakable responsibility of military personnel .
we must , $number of all , try every possible way to resolve the taiwan issue in a peaceful way . but if we cannot resolve the taiwan issue in a peaceful way , and the issue of the reunification of the motherland is postponed indefinitely , we must adopt resolute measures .
making military preparations to go to the front lieutenant general li fengzhou , vice minister of the commission of science , technology and industry for national defense , said : it is a duty for military personnel to safeguard the unification and territorial integrity of the motherland .
as military personnel , we will never allow foreign forces to be involved in taiwan affairs or the taiwan authorities to act arbitrarily .
we are capable and resolute to safeguard the reunification and territorial integrity of the country .
li fengzhou said : indefinite postponement , in essence , means to substitute independence with postponement , for the final attainment of independence .
chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , will not allow indefinite postponement .
we should strive to achieve reunification of the motherland as soon as possible .
particularly , i wish to see the realization of reunification before i retire from the army . li fengzhou emotionally said : the moment the motherland needs me , i hope i can go to the front in my combat uniform .
i hope i can do something for the cause of the motherland 's reunification . with regard to the question of whether or not china has an ability to resolve the taiwan issue by force , rear admiral zhao guojun , deputy chief of staff of the navy , said with a firm voice : " we are capable of resolving the taiwan issue , but we wish to reunify peacefully . "
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng said succinctly : " we can say for sure that we are definitely making preparations .
so long as we exist , we are making preparations . "
as zhu rongji said in his report , the chinese people are determined and absolutely able to settle the taiwan question at an early date and realize the great cause of reunification of the motherland .
several generals who attended today 's $number session of the national people 's congress [ npc ] held that if the new leadership of the taiwan region declares " taiwan independence " after taking office , it means war .
once there are people trying to separate taiwan from mainland china , the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] is ready to adopt any measures , dauntlessly remove all interventions and sabotage activities , and safeguard state sovereignty and land integrity in a resolute manner .
in response to reporters ' question about what measures the chinese government will take if chen shui - bian is elected and insists on pursuing " taiwan independence , " vice admiral xu zhenzhong , former deputy commander of the pla navy ; lieutenant general jin renxie , chief of staff of the chengdu military region ; major general li tongmao , from $number artillery corps ; rear admiral zhao guojun , deputy commander of the nanjing military region and commander of the east china sea fleet ; and major general fan changlong , commander of the $number group army , all held that the pla has the determination , confidence , ability , and methods to smash the scheme of " taiwan independence " and safeguard the motherland 's sovereignty and land integrity .
vice admiral xu zhenzhong , former deputy commander of the pla navy , held : the principle of striving for peaceful reunification but not renouncing the use of force will not be changed .
if the new leader of the taiwan authorities dares to pursue the " taiwan independence " policy , we will adopt resolute measures , including the use of force .
rear admiral zhao guojun said : if chen shui - bian is elected and insists on pursuing the " taiwan independence " policy , our attitude is clear , that is , " taiwan independence " means war .
major general li tongmao , from $number artillery corps , said : if pro - " taiwan independence " elements announce " taiwan independence , " it means a brazen provocation to the chinese government and is tantamount to declaring war .
major general fan changlong , commander of the $number group army , held : taiwan is going to hold the election for new leadership , and the chinese army is closely watching the election .
no matter who is elected , the chinese people will not tolerate the new leadership pursuing " taiwan independence , " and the chinese pla will adopt resolute measures to hit back .
lieutenant general jin renxie held : we will watch the policy of the new leader of the taiwan authorities on whether it will shift back to the principle of " one china , " or pursue " two chinas . "
if the new leader declares taiwan independence , our government 's stance has been very clear and we will adopt resolute measures , including the use of force .
we are fully confident to resolve the taiwan issue .
when he was asked of his opinions on premier zhu rongji 's government work report section on the taiwan issue , lieutenant general jin renxie held : the report by premier zhu comprehensively expounds the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan , and we agree with it .
major general xiong ziren , commander of the pla stationed in hong kong , was interviewed by a wenwei po reporter . he said : when premier zhu rongji made the government work report and went through the part of " promoting the grand cause of the motherland 's peaceful reunification , " enthusiastic and long - lasting applause rose from deputies two times , which were scenes manifesting the wish of the people across the country .
as the chinese pla , we have our own responsibility . to make taiwan return to the embrace of the motherland as soon as possible , we have made sufficient preparations . we have the confidence , determination , and ability to resolve the taiwan issue .
xiong ziren added , hong kong and macao have both returned to the motherland . taiwan is part of the motherland 's sacred land , and we should make it return to the embrace of the motherland as soon as possible .
if taiwan 's lee teng - hui and a handful of people in taiwan still want to pursue the " two - state theory " and " taiwan independence , " the chinese government will not sit watching , and the chinese people and the pla will never approve it .
if the pro - " taiwan independence " force is dead set on having its own way , we also have countermeasures to make taiwan return to the embrace of the motherland at an earlier date .
major general fang changlong , commander of the $number group army of the ground forces , held : there should be a timetable for resolving the taiwan issue . the white paper entitled " one china principle and the taiwan issue " represents the consistent principle and stance of the central authorities , and reflects the wish of all the chinese people and the chinese pla .
rear admiral zhao guojun , deputy commander of the nanjing military region and commander of the east china sea fleet , held : the outside world 's estimation that china is unable to realize the reunification of the motherland is not correct .
we wish for peaceful reunification , but we also have the full capability to safeguard the motherland 's sovereignty and land integrity .
when talking about the taiwan issue , lieutenant general deng changyou , director of the political department of the pla air force , employed the term " be on the alert and combat - ready " [ yan zhen yi dai $number $number $number $number ] .
lieutenant general li fengzhou , vice chairman of the science and technology commission under the general armament department , held that the people across the strait would not allow the taiwan issue to procrastinate indefinitely .
indefinite procrastination , in essence , is " another form of independence . "
major general sun tang , deputy director of the beijing military region political department , when interviewed by a wenwei po reporter , noted that in pla , there is no such issue as the so - called " hawk " and " dove , " and the will of the people 's army is united in shouldering the sacred responsibility of safeguarding the state 's sovereignty and land integrity .
lieutenant general zhu yongqing , political commissar of the air force of the chengdu military region , held : the reunification of the motherland will be realized .
we insist on the principle of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems . " however , if the three situations mentioned in the white paper happen , the people 's army will resolutely adopt any measures possible .
as the air force , we will be at the command of the central authorities in any time .
when he was asked if the chinese pla has the ability to resolve the taiwan issue , general li jiulong , former commander of the chengdu military region , said : we will adopt all measures to support the reunification of the motherland . the taiwan issue cannot be delayed indefinitely , and we have the confidence and capability to resolve the taiwan issue .
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng , chief of staff of the shenyang military region , held : the white paper has expounded very clearly on the resolution of the taiwan issue , and has made it public to the world , and it is for sure that we will suit our action to the words .
rear admiral jin mao , director of the armament department of the pla navy , said : the answer to the question of whether the pla has the ability to resolve the taiwan issue will be very clear if we review the history of the pla .
from the day the chinese pla was established , the pla began to fight with enemies much stronger in terms of armament . it was the case in the war of resistance against japan as well as the war to resist us aggression and aid in korea , but we won the ultimate victories in both wars .
premier zhu rongji won warm and prolonged applause when putting forward tasks for realizing the great cause of national reunification and promoting the development of the economy in his government work report delivered at $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , thus reflecting the npc deputies ' resolute support to the settlement of the taiwan issue at an early date and the arrangements for expanding domestic demand , promoting economic restructuring , pushing forward the reform of state - owned enterprises , comprehensively strengthening management , speeding up the development of science and technology and education , developing the western areas , and strengthening the construction of a clean and honest government .
the government work report for this year involves extremely careful arrangements for expanding domestic demand and developing the economy , but does not include economic growth targets . this reflects that china is now making a big stride from the planned economy to the socialist market economy .
it is not so hard to fix a target for the development of the national economy .
but the situation in china differs from place to place . some provinces and municipalities are very strong in terms of the economy ; thus , it is possible for them to develop the economy at a faster speed . meanwhile , some areas , with a weak economic foundation , are unable to see an increase in the economy .
therefore , if a target is defined , the provinces and municipalities able to run faster cannot avoid slowing down their development speed , while the provinces and municipalities where the economy develops at a slower speed will possibly handle affairs not according to the economic law with a view to fulfilling the set target .
it is necessary to increase the output of readily marketable products and to reduce or stop the production of unmarketable products in line with market demands .
the provinces and municipalities where production and sales are not enlivened should study ways to stimulate domestic demand and expand consumption . $number of all , we should enable the peasants and backward areas to rest and build up strength and increase revenues .
the central government has fighting targets in its mind . not including the fighting targets in the government work report is an indicator for respecting the economic law and handling affairs according to the economic law .
this year , the government is going to issue $number yuan worth of long - term treasury bonds and use such funds mainly for the construction of airports , railways , highways , and power plants ; scientific research and education ; enterprises ' equipment renewal and technological innovation ; and the large - scale construction of environmental protection and ecological projects .
the coastal areas in china have strong capacity for producing machinery and electronics goods , electrical household appliances , textile products , garments , and daily consumer goods . some of their products are oversupplied . will the coastal areas be able to sell their products to the central and western areas besides exports ?
through development , the western areas will be able to immediately turn the investment in capital construction into purchasing power . then all trades and professions there will be able to expand operations , the people there will increase their incomes , markets will be enlivened , and consumption will heat up . at that time , the central and western areas will be able to assimilate the consumer goods made by the eastern areas .
to stimulate domestic demand , we should $number enliven the central and western areas and then promote the production and sales of the eastern coastal areas .
premier zhu pointed out that " realizing the goal of getting state - owned enterprises out of difficulties through reform in three years is the most important task of the government . "
so we should define , in line with the national situation , basic standards for modern enterprises , reform the enterprise managerial system , strengthen and improve the inspection and management of large - and medium - sized enterprises , set up boards of supervisors for state - owned enterprises according to law , and further establish a parent - subsidiary corporate system .
enterprises should intensify the reform of labor , personnel , and distribution systems ; set up encouragement and restraint mechanisms ; carry out the debt - to - equity transformation program ; raise the proportion of raising funds by enterprises themselves ; and experiment with the annual salary and stock options systems among enterprise managers .
strictly ruling the government and strengthening the anticorruption struggle are one of the key points in the government work report .
we believe that the central authorities will thoroughly investigate unlawful and undisciplined cases , cases of embezzling state - owned assets , and cases of corruption ; and will neither give personal consideration nor be softhearted in handling these cases .
premier zhu 's exposition on " promoting the great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland " has aroused worldwide attention .
the deputies present burst into warm and prolonged applause when premier zhu said that " we will never sit idly by to see any serious separatist activities to sabotage china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , to carry out the 'two - state theory , ' and to advocate ' taiwan independence ; '' and that " the chinese people have determination and full capability to resolve the taiwan issue at an early date and to accomplish the great cause of reunifying the motherland . "
this indicates that the chinese leading echelon and the chinese people will never barter away principles in order to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity and that they will neither have any illusions about the separatist forces with lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] as representative nor tolerate them .
provided that " taiwan independence " succeeds , not only the great cause of national reunification will be sabotaged , but china 's four modernizations drive will also be hindered .
if we want a success in the four modernizations drive and if we want to rejuvenate the chinese nation , we must check the " two - state theory " and " taiwan independence " moves .
otherwise , there will be increasing variables , trouble will become more serious , and the economic construction will eventually be hindered . so we must resolve the taiwan issue at an early date .
president jiang zemin said to the democratic party personages at a panel meeting of $number session of $number national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , which was held days ago : " the chinese people are never afraid of ghosts . nor do they believe in heresy . we oppose all heretical actions which go against the fundamental interests of the chinese nation . " " any separatist schemes will never succeed and completely be doomed to failure no matter who is involved in and no matter what forces are backing them up . "
these remarks are of great significance and should not be taken lightly .
meanwhile , the people 's liberation army leaders made known their positions one after another , notifying that they are prepared against " three kinds of circumstances " at all times . obviously , it was a serious warning to the separatist forces and foreign forces ' interference .
the npc session transmits the chinese people 's strongest desire for settling the taiwan issue at an early date .
shenyang , $date ( xinhua ) - - a group of leading cadres in liaoning province who violated policies by occupying too many houses , illegally taking funds for housing purchases , illegally turning public houses into private ones , and using public funds to renovate houses beyond the standard were investigated and handled sternly . party and government disciplinary measures were taken against $number cadres at or above the county department level in the province , and eight people were transferred to judicial organs to be investigated and affixed criminal responsibilities .
in the past year , liaoning province regarded efforts to check up on houses of leading cadres that exceed the standard as an important part of the effort to promote healthy party style and clean government . it correctly understood the limits of policy , earnestly handled reports from the masses , and carried our more thorough jobs to sort things out in the entire province . according to information , the province handled $number reports by the masses on housing problems that involved $number cadres at or above the county departmental level , and put $number cases on record while closing $number other cases .
in the situation where the dalian city government and relevant departments already proclaimed in writing the ban on and strikes against housing purchases and distribution , wu houfu [ $number $number $number ] , former dalian ribao editor - in - chief , took charge of the newspaper office editorial committee and decided to purchase $number commercial houses $date that were worth a total of $number yuan . more than $number yuan advertisement fees were used to offset the housing funds required for the purchase of $number of these houses , resulting in tax evasion worth $number yuan , and $number of the houses having exceeded their areas by $number square meters .
in addition to that , when wu houfu was newly appointed the director of dalian city press and publications bureau $date , he used $number yuan to purchase his own house with a construction area of $number sq m under his own suggestion , which was agreed by party cell members , but without the approval of relevant departments .
wu houfou seriously violated relevant stipulations , as well as falsified facts , during the housing purchases for himself and cadres , workers , and staff members of the newspaper office . he was given serious inter - party warning as punishment , and removed from the post of dalian ribao editor - in - chief .
zhao wei [ $number $number ] , assistant to the director of a tax collection branch directly under the provincial administration of state revenue , in $date asked wang yushan [ $number $number $number ] , deputy director of the branch who was in charge of work in the branch , to help him find funds for his housing purchase .
in $date , zhao wei arrived in the hong district local taxation bureau to withdraw checks worth $number yuan and $number yuan each , which were secretly divided between him and wang $number yuan to zhao wei and $number to wang yushan - - before the money could be entered into the unit 's account book .
wang yushan asked somebody to cash his check for $number yuan .
zhao wei and wang yushan have now been transferred to judicial organs for handling , and the $number yuan in embezzled money was seized .
when sorting out the housing problem , liaoning province stressed that we should establish and implement the work responsibility system for sorting out the housing problem , and that we should not only investigate individuals who violate rules and discipline , but also implement the system of affixing responsibilities on their immediate leaders .
at the opening ceremony of $number session of $number npc committee , premier zhu rongji delivered to the meeting his $number government work report since he assumed office as premier .
with a realistic approach which aims at attaining tangible results , a content which lacks no novelty , and a wide vision which covers not only this year but also the new century , this report won warm applause as many as six times from the npc delegates and cppcc members attending the meeting .
providing a panoramic view of the government 's work , this over-15 , $number - character government work report is composed of $number parts which cover the political , economic , social , and cultural fields , with more than half of its space devoted to economy - related contents . such a fact not only tallies with china 's present principle of " centering everything on the economy , " but has precisely reflected the expertise of this premier in economic management .
refraining from blindly pursuing a high growth rate throughout the entire report , the three " $number times " in the economic section have caught people 's eye : the report stops short of setting a targeted economic growth rate for this year , and this is $number time that a government work report has come out without an economic growth forecast .
this change not only conforms to the requirement that the economic management mode of the government should bid farewell to the era of a planned economy and change towards a market economy , but can also help eliminate the malpractice of blindly pursuing a high economic growth rate regardless of realistic conditions , as well as the unhealthy work style in some localitiesof vying with one another to submit false and exaggerated reports on economic indexes .
the report has specially devoted a separate section to the country 's building of a social security system , and this is also $number time among all previous government work reports .
indeed , along with the deepening of reform , pressure on employment is mounting , and a weak social security system has become a destabilizing factor in society today ; under such circumstances , the work of building up a sound social security system has become particularly important .
just as premier zhu rongji pointed out , the work " is of a great significance , and has a great bearing on the overall situation of reform , development , and stability ; therefore , we must pay close attention to a sound implementation of the work without a moment 's delay . "
the report pointed out : " we have dealt a powerful blow to the arrogance of taiwan separatist forces represented by lee teng - hui " and " we will by no means sit idly by and watch any separatist activities aimed at undermining china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , such as those advocating the 'two - state theory ' and ' taiwan independence . ' "
this is $number time in $number years that the mainland side has ever criticized lee teng - hui by name in the form of a government work report and has equated the " two - state theory " with " taiwan independence . "
the report pointed out : " the chinese people have the determination and the absolute ability to settle the taiwan issue at an early date and to complete the great reunification cause of the motherland . "
the phrase " at an early date " in this sentence has aroused extensive attention .
during the course when premier zhu rongji read out the section under the heading " promoting the great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland , " prolonged and stormy applause broke out two times in the meeting hall . this serves to show that the attitude and the stand adopted by the chinese government on the taiwan issue has strongly struck a responsive chord in the hearts of the chinese people .
the sonorous and forceful wording used in the government work report on the taiwan issue served to display fully to the world both the determination and the sense of urgency of the chinese government and the chinese people in ultimately realizing the great reunification cause of the motherland .
although some issues are not elaborated in separate sections in the government work report , they are each given several paragraphs of concentrated and accented expositions in the report ; and this serves to show the intensity of the government 's work on these issues in the coming period .
two typical cases in this respect are the large - scale development of china 's western region and the issue of comprehensively reinforcing management .
the large - scale development of china 's western region is a hot topic at the two sessions this year , and the issue is discussed under the section " vigorously pushing forward the strategic readjustment of the economic structure . "
speaking of that issue , zhu rongji $number used a whole paragraph to elaborate the great significance of the large - scale development campaign in the country 's western region . he pointed out : in our implementation of the strategy of introducing a large - scale development in the country 's western region , " we should develop a sense of urgency on one hand ; yet on the other hand , we must draw up unified plans , give prominence to key issues , see to a sound distributed implementation , and guard against a general rush into action . "
then , he devoted nearly one whole page to work arrangements concerning the large - scale development of china 's western region for both the present and the coming period ; and the presentation was clear , with the stress placed on the focal points of the work .
in the subsequent paragraph , he talked about the need for bringing about a well - coordinated growth between china 's eastern region and its central and western regions , with a view to helping certain localities remove their misunderstanding that this policy treats different regions with partiality .
comprehensively strengthening management though also touched upon in all previous government work reports , the issue of strengthening management has been discussed with the greatest emphasis in this year 's government work report .
premier zhu rongji read out the government work report in a sonorous voice , which rose and fell in cadence .
these reporters noticed that whenever he talked about the weal and woe of the masses , for example , when he spoke of " some government functionaries who have overlooked the sufferings of the masses , " when he spoke of the need to " respect the will of peasants , " and when he spoke of the importance of " maintaining a close tie with the masses , listening to the opinions of the masses , and showing concern for the weal and woe of the masses , " he would raise his voice and drawl , which gave expression to the premier 's love for the people .
placing stress on the " new century " the annual government work report is usually seen as an arrangement for the work of the government in the year . however , this year 's government work report is not limited to being merely an arrangement for this year 's work ; instead , it has based the work arrangement for this year on the blueprint of the country 's medium - and long - term cross - strait development .
throughout the report , the concept of the " new century " has appeared in four places .
besides , the report has also pointed out that " the year $number is a year in which the old century is superseded by the new " ; " this year 's government work has the significance of taking over from the past and setting a new course for the future " ; the country 's strategic readjustment " should not only aim at settling current prominent problems , but should all the more set its eyes on long - term development " ; and that the $number five - year plan , which is to be formulated this year , " has a great bearing on china 's overall economic and social development during the early years of $date . "
all these have endowed this government work report with a strong leading significance and great profundity .
since internet is a value - added business to the telecommunication sector , all commercial networks should acquire the approval by the ministry of information industry in order to be listed on the market .
it is reported that this ministry is going to issue regulations in the near future concerning listing the mainland 's internet service providers to the overseas market . in regard to the question of whether " netease " and " sohu " have been approved to be listed on the overseas market , wu jichuan said that so far , our ministry has never given such approvals to any internet service providers .
wu jichuan indicated that so far , there has been no control over commercial networks . although china supports the development of internet services , internet business should be conducted according to state rules and regulations .
on foreign investment in value - added services , wu jichuan said that there will be conditions for foreign investment in value - added business after china joins the wto .
recently there was a rumor spreading on market that the ministry of information industry asked china united telecommunications corporation to suspend the cooperative development of the cdma service with qualcomm incorporated . on this question , wu jichuan said that " there is no such a kind of rumor . "
faced with the question of whether cable tv services can be integrated with telecommunication services under the current situation where cable tv stations do internet business , wu jichuan indicated that the state administration of radio , film , and television is in charge of cable tv services , while at the same time internet services belong to the value - added business of the telecommunication sector ; so that their management cannot be integrated at present .
according to report , relevant departments will work out relevant regulations governing the management in this aspect .
on the time for implementation of the method for separate payment of mobile phone charges , wu jichuan said that the plan for separate payment of mobile phone charges has been submitted to higher levels for approvals , but we do not know when it will be approved .
professor wang guixiu of the cpc central party school , who has been engaged in research on china 's political restructuring since $date , yesterday proposed further improving the people 's congress system in china and straightening out relations between the cpc and the national people 's congress [ npc ] so that the npc genuinely has the position as the highest organ of state power given by the constitution .
wang guixiu held that under the cpc 's centralized leadership structure , the concepts that " the party is above the npc " and that " the party is above the law " are deep - seated in china .
in addition to confirming the party 's leadership over the state $date , for $number time the chinese constitution stated clearly that the party " must take the constitution as the basic norm of activities and " must observe the constitution and the law . action must be taken against anyone who violates the constitution and the law . "
since the npc is the highest organ of state power , the party should not directly issue orders by overriding the npc or its enacted constitution and laws . moreover , the party should provide support for and guarantee npc work .
on relations between the party and the npc , wang guixiu pointed out that the party should exercise political leadership over the npc rather than interfere in and monopolize its legislative power , power of decision , power of appointment and removal , and power of supervision . in addition , the party 's leadership over the npc should be advisory rather than mandatory or commanding . therefore , the party 's leadership over the npc is not direct commanding .
at the same time , the party itself should act within the constitution and the law reviewed and adopted by the npc and should be subject to npc supervision .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - zeng peiyan , minister of the state development planning commission , delivered a report at $number session of $number national people 's congress today on this year 's regulation and control targets and main tasks of economic and social development .
zeng peiyan said : the major expected targets of the national economic and social development $date are as follows : - - economic growth rate of around $number percent ; - - increase in total fixed asset investment of around $number percent ; - - consumer price level and overall retail price level equal to or slightly higher than those of the previous year ; - - total import and export volume up by $number percent and a basic equilibrium of balance of payments ; - - central financial departments ' deficit of $number yuan ; - - total volume of currency issued around $number yuan ; - - registered urban unemployment rate controlled at around $number percent ; and - - natural population growth rate of $number per thousand .
zeng peiyan said : development is a crucial factor for us to resolve all problems lying before us .
the most important starting point of this year 's economic work is to maintain a relatively rapid growth of the national economy .
this is of crucial importance in resolving pronounced contradictions arising in china 's economic life , maintaining social stability , and boosting confidence at home and abroad in our country 's economic development .
naturally , what we are seeking must be a growth rate based on ready markets and sound efficiency and void of exaggeration .
it is necessary to properly handle the direction and intensity of macro regulation and control , combine internal demand expansion , structural readjustment , scientific and technological progress , and opening up to the outside work , accelerate the fundamental transformation of the economic structure and economic growth modes , and strive to uplift the development of the national economy to a new stage .
zeng peiyan pointed out : the main tasks of the national economic and social development $date are as follows : $number . continuing to expand investment scale and further optimizing the investment pattern .
what is difficult in achieving the expected economic growth target for $number is to strive for a relatively rapid growth in investment .
efforts will be made to continue to increase the issuance of treasury bonds and financial investment , attract banks to increase loans and enterprises to increase investments , guide and encourage the non - state - owned sectors of the economy , such as the collectives , the individuals , and the private sector to utilize foreign capital as much as possible .
fixed assets investment will be mainly used to expand infrastructure development , especially in water conservancy , railways , highways , main communications lines and other key projects ; support technological transformation in enterprises , accelerate the application of high technology to production , support the equipment manufacturing industry , promote advances in industrial technology and industrial upgrading , and raise the level of national defense - related science and technology ; invest more funds in the growth of the western region of the country and the region 's ecological development and environmental protection and improvement ; increase input in developing infrastructure facilities for education , science and technology ; and speed up the construction of economical and practical housing .
construction of major projects will be launched , including the nanjing - xian and chongqing - huaihua railway new lines , the chaidam - xining - lanzhou gas pipeline , the zipingpu water control project in chengdu , the new airport in guangzhou , $number - phase project of the mingzhu line ( light railroad ) in shanghai , and the subway project in nanjing .
$number - phase preparations for the projects should be accelerated , such as the project of sending gas from the west to the east , the lanzhou - chengdu petroleum pipeline , the beijing - shanghai express railway , the longtan hydroelectric power station in guangxi , and the asia - pacific submarine cable no. $number . $number .
vigorously promoting the strategic restructuring of agriculture and the rural economy and improving the overall quality and performance of the rural economy .
continued efforts will be made to strengthen the construction of agricultural infrastructure with the stress on water conservancy .
efforts will be made to encourage farmers to readjust the cultivation structure in line with market demand , actively develop green food and specialized farm products , and optimize farm produce ; continue deepening the reform of the grain circulation structure ; readjust the structure of township and town enterprises and actively develop small cities and towns ; further implement the various support - the - poor policy measures and strive to solve the problem of food and clothing for another $number impoverished people in the rural areas and fulfill the state broad plan to solve the food and clothing problem in the next seven years [ from $number ] for $number rural residents now still living in poverty . $number .
intensifying industrial restructuring efforts to improve the quality and performance of industrial growth .
industrial readjustment and enterprise reorganization in the old industrial bases will be accelerated ; small factories and mines that are backward in technology and low and inferior in quality , waste resources , and cause serious pollution will be firmly closed down while those using backward equipment , technique , and technology will be eliminated ; a good job will be done in the total quantity control of the coal and metallurgical industries ; and every possible way will be tried to increase the quality of manufactured goods , labor productivity , and enterprise efficiency . $number .
striving to create a good external environment and actively promoting reform and development of state - owned enterprises .
continued efforts will be made to expand the scale of capital reserve for banks to write off bad debts of banks , which will be mainly used in closing down bankrupt large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises and mines where resources are exhausted .
an earnest job will done in the work of converting bank credit rights to equity in some large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises and combine such conversion work , mechanism transformation , structural readjustment , and improved management in real terms .
more financing channels will be opened for enterprises . market supply and demand will be regulated promptly by comprehensively using planning , financial policy , monetary policy , and economic levers .
the activities to manufacture and sell fake and shoddy commodities will be cracked down on severely .
the social security system will be improved . $number .
strengthening implementation of a proactive fiscal policy and making greater use of monetary policy .
efforts will be made to continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and issue long - term treasury bonds worth $number yuan so as to expand investment needs , and give effective greater financial support to economic development .
more base currency [ ji chu huo bi $number $number $number $number ] will be put into circulation in line with the needs of economic development and money supply will be expanded appropriately . $number .
carrying out a strategy of large - scale development of the western region to promote coordinated growth of regional economies . $number .
continuing to raise the level of opening up and making still better use of both domestic and international markets and resources .
an effective job will be done in various fields of preparatory work for china 's entry to the world trade organization . $number . adhering to a strategy of sustainable development and successfully protecting and improving the environment .
great efforts will be continued in the pollution control and treatment of the " three rivers " ( the huai he , the hai he , and the liao he ) , the " three lakes " ( the tai hu , the zhao hu , and the dian chi ) , the " two areas " ( the sulfur dioxide control area and the acid rain control area ) , one city ( beijing municipality ) , one sea ( the bo hai ) , the three gorges dam area , and the upper reaches of the chang jiang , and efforts will be stepped up in carrying out key pollution control projects .
the combination of industrial pollution prevention and control and industrial restructuring will be upheld . $number .
and stepping up efforts to invigorate the nation through science and technology as well as education and comprehensively developing all social undertakings .
reform of the management structure of scientific research institutions throughout the country will be completed basically this year .
forces will be concentrated on key basic research projects and key projects , such as digital high division television , broadband high - speed information network , industrial automation , civil airplanes , and civil satellites and on developing newly rising industries .
education reform and development will be accelerated and quality education will carried out in a comprehensive way .
according to the state plan , $number graduate students and $number students studying in regular and special courses in ordinary universities and colleges will be enrolled $date .
zeng peiyan , minister of the state development planning commission , stressed today at $number session of $number npc national committee : substantive steps should be taken this year in implementing the strategy of a large - scale development of china 's western region .
zeng peiyan noted : accelerating the building of infrastructural facilities serves as a foundation for a large - scale development of the western region .
we should speed up the building of basic facilities in such fields as water conservancy , communication and transportation , telecommunications , and radio and television ; and strive to transform the resource advantage of the western region into an economic advantage .
we should persistently place a rational exploration and an effective utilization of water resources on a prominent position , and give priority to the development of water - economizing projects .
on the issue of highways construction , we should accelerate the construction of national arterial highways and provincial - regional main highways , and vigorously support the work of connecting the roads of poverty - stricken areas with arterial highways .
as concerns the construction of railways , we should further broaden trunk railway lines both inside and outside the western region .
on the basis of building main arterial airports , we should also draw up a rational plan for the building of a number of feeder airports .
vigorous efforts should be made to develop the pipeline transport of natural gas .
this year , we should continue and start the construction of a number of major projects , and further strengthen $number - phase preparations of these projects . particularly , we should speed up $number - phase preparations for the construction of gas pipelines from xinjiang 's tarim basin to shanghai and from the sichuan - chongqing region to wuhan ; and strive to start the construction of these projects as soon as possible .
he indicated : strengthening the ecological building and the environmental protection is a major content of the large - scale development of china 's western region .
we should adopt the comprehensive measures of " returning grain plots to forestry ( grass - raising ) , closing hillsides to facilitate afforestation , relieving people in disaster areas by giving them grain instead of outright grant , and allowing individual households to contract projects " ; by seizing the present favorable opportunity of a fairly sufficient supply of grain , we should concentrate our efforts on bringing under control the farmland on steep slopes in ecologically weak areas at the upper reaches of the chang jiang and the huang he ; we should draw up plans , and steadily introduce the practice of returning grain plots to forestry and grass - raising step by step on the basis of experiments and demonstrations ; and we should clothe barren mountains and wasteland with greenery , and restore the vegetation cover of forests and grasses , thus bringing about a fundamental change to the deteriorating ecological environment in china 's western region .
this year , the total acreage of returned grain plot in pilot areas is expected to stand at $number mu , and the total acreage of land returned to forestry should exceed $number mu [ as published ] .
we should make conscientious investigations and studies , draw up an overall plan for the work , proceed everything from the reality , act in accordance with the objective law , respect the will of peasants , suit measures to local conditions , and provide specific guidance for specific areas .
instead , we should adapt ourselves to the requirements of our target to build up a socialist market economic structure and to change the growth pattern of the economy ; actively adopt new ideas , new methods , and new mechanisms ; and emancipate our mind , seek truth from facts , make bold innovations , and actively carry out our work in a pioneering spirit .
basing on the special features of their resources and on their specific advantages , different localities should engage themselves in the development of a specialty economy and dominant industries which enjoy good market prospects ; and devote great efforts to developing a specialty agriculture , a water - economizing agriculture , an ecological agriculture , tourism , and other industries .
we should adapt ourselves to the present world situation featured by a rapid development of science and technology ; and earnestly rely on scientific and technological progresses for the exploration of resources , for the upgrading of industries , and for the improvement of the environment .
we should make full use of the existing scientific and technological foundation , and concentrate our efforts on developing science and technology that suit the industrial development of the western region .
we should pay close attention to bringing up and introducing able personnel , and create a social and policy environment that is favorable to giving play to the roles of able personnel .
zeng peiyan said : the state will make a greater input in the country 's central and western regions , and will increase the intensity of financial transfers and payments .
the practices of national - debt investment , " turning debts into equity , " and putting aside a reserve fund for offsetting bad debts , as well as the use of loans provided by foreign governments and foreign financial institutions should all favor the development of the country 's central and western regions .
to accelerate the development of the western region under the new situation , we should mainly make use of the market mechanism , absorb funds from all sides , and satisfy the country 's huge demand for funds .
we should perfect relevant policies ; work hard to improve the investment environment ; and take bolder steps to attract foreign investment and encourage a capital inflow from the country 's eastern region .
he stressed : the large - scale development of the western region is a long - term and arduous task , which entails the hard efforts of several generations .
the people throughout the country should enthusiastically support the large - scale development of the western region ; and entrepreneurs , scientific and technological personnel , and college and university graduates should be encouraged to render meritorious services in the western region .
the vast numbers of cadres and masses in the western region should rely on their own efforts ; go all out to bring about prosperity ; pioneer an enterprise with painstaking and unremitting efforts ; and build up a new western region where the economy is prospering , the people are leading a well - off live , and the society enjoys stability and unity .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - minister of state development planning commission zeng peiyan said today at $number session of $number national people congress that it is necessary to create conditions in terms of systems , mechanisms and policies and exert efforts to increase effective demand in an effort to promote a sustained , rapid and healthy national economic development .
in the report " on the implementation of the $number national economic and social development plan and on the draft plan for the national economic and social development for the year $number , " zeng peiyan said : expanding domestic demand is an important measure for resolving all contradictions and problems in the current economic life and a long - term strategic principle for national economic development .
we should not blindly expand productive capacity that finds no market , still less should we carry out construction of low - level duplicated projects .
to increase effective demand , we must aim at unceasingly enhancing the material and cultural life of the urban and rural residents and expand investment and consumption ; strive to take the market as guidance and make the structure of supply cope with the changes in the demands of the domestic and foreign markets ; take scientific progress and technical innovation as the driving force to promote the optimization and upgrading of industrial structure ; strive to implement the strategy of sustainable development and coordinate economic construction with natural resources and environment to realize a benign cycle .
zeng peiyan expounded on the measures for expanding effective demand to be adopted in four fields : - - vigorously open up the urban and rural markets and vigorously expand consumption and demand .
it is necessary to vigorously adjust the income distribution policy and enhance the purchasing power of residents ; improve the consumption policy and develop the consumption spheres ; reform and improve the consumption system and vigorously cultivate new consumption hot points such as housing ; improve the consumption environment and exert strenuous efforts to exploit the urban and rural markets .
- - vigorously advance reform of investment and money - lending systems and strive to formulate system and create conditions for increasing effective demand .
$number , the reform of investment and lending systems should be advanced with earnest efforts and the incentive and restraint mechanisms for enterprise investment should be improved .
the orientation for reform is to allow enterprises to have decision - making powers and to bear their own risks while carrying out self - financed development projects encouraged and permitted by the state , with an exception for major projects or specially stipulated projects .
the government will only examine whether the investments made by enterprises are in line with the state development plan , macroeconomic policy , laws and regulations , and will not directly intervene in the investment and money - lending activities of enterprises .
$number , the money - lending channels for enterprises should be developed and enterprises ' strength to expand investment should be intensified .
$number , good policy environment should be created and investments should be increased by encouraging and pooling social funds .
all kinds of restrictions unfavorable for social investment and development of the non - state economy should be abolished so that investments in these spheres can be expanded .
- - give play to the role of price as the lever to promote economic growth and structural readjustment .
continued efforts should be made to rationalize the relations between prices and improve the price mechanism .
it is necessary to properly raise the prices of water supply for water conservancy projects , urban water supply , and public communications , and strengthen the work of charging the disposal of polluted water and trash .
in reforming the pricing system for electricity , we should form a mechanism and adjust the structure of the prices of electricity .
areas where the building and transformation of rural power grids , and the reform of the power system have been completed should reduce the prices of electricity in the rural areas so that the electricity prices supplied by the same power grid will be the same in both urban and rural areas .
on the basis of standardizing the educational cost , it is necessary to rationally adjust the standard of school fees .
strenuous efforts should be made to consolidate the order of prices .
by adopting these measures , we will be able to promote the development of infrastructure and public undertakings and increase the consumption of urban and rural residents .
- - work in real earnest to strengthen management and the legal system , standardize and improve the order of socialist market economy .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - addressing $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] today , chinese finance ministry xiang huaicheng said : the central budget for $number has focused on the following five aspects : $number , we will continually strengthen infrastructure development .
to ensure that the infrastructure construction projects financed by treasury bonds issued over the past two years will be built expeditiously and yield benefits , we will need to continually increase investments in them .
we will also need to increase a certain amount of investments on preliminary preparatory tasks for certain major projects concerning our overall national economic development such as the development of china 's western regions .
investment in capital construction from the central budget will total $number yuan ( including subsidies for local authorities ) .
$number , we will strive to support the reform and development of state - owned enterprises .
we will continue to properly facilitate technological upgrading in key trades and industries , key enterprises , key products , and key technologies . funds and subsidies on interest payment from the central budget for technological upgrading of enterprises will be $number yuan ( including subsidies for local authorities ) .
$number , we will invest more in enhance social security and fully implement the policy to readjust income distribution introduced $date .
we will allocate $number yuan as transfer payments to fund old industrial bases in financial difficulties and subsistence allowances for workers and staff laid off from state enterprises in central and western china . we will allocate $number yuan to fund pension schemes for retired personnel from coal mines , nonferrous metals industries , and military industries with financial difficulties . furthermore , we will allocate $number yuan as subsidies for some areas to raise the social security benefits and increase the wages and salaries of employees in government departments and institutions .
$number , we will strive to increase investments in education , science , technology , and agriculture and ensure that the rate of increase is higher than that of the regular revenue .
a total of $number yuan will be allocated for education , an increase of $number percent over the previous year . funds for science and technology will be $number yuan , an increase of $number percent over the $number figure . expenditures for agricultural administration and the support of agricultural production will come to $number yuan , an increase of $number percent over the $number figure .
$number , we will appropriately increase expenditures for state security .
since the army , the armed police force , and procuratorial , judicial , and public security organs no longer engage in business or run enterprises , an additional $number yuan will be provided to cover the necessary expenditures for the performance of their functions .
china 's expenditures on national defense will total $number yuan $date , an increase of $number percent over the $number figure , and the same increase rate as in recent years . the increased funds will mainly cover the rise of salaries and allowances for officers and men in the army as well as expenditures for troops stationed in macao .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the central budget for $number is $number yuan , $number yuan more than the actual figure of the previous year , or an increase of $number percent .
total expenditures in the central budget are $number yuan ( including interest on debts ) , $number yuan more than the actual figure for $number , or an increase of $number percent .
a deficit of $number yuan will be left after setting revenue against expenditures .
it is worth noting that the increase in the deficit in the central budget this year mainly results from reform of the method of preparing the budget . we have changed and listed an expenditure of $number yuan for interests on treasury bonds - - which originally had not been regarded as a current account expenditure in the central budget and which originally had not been listed as a fiscal deficit - - as a current account expenditure in the central budget , and indicated it as a fiscal deficit for $number .
such an arrangement does not involve an issuance of additional treasury bonds . on the contrary , it is beneficial for china to reflect the overall expenditures of its central budget and to monitor and control its debts .
according to the method of calculation used last year , the deficit in the central budget would be $number yuan , $number yuan less than the $number figure .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the local budgets for $number amounts to $number yuan , an increase of $number percent over the actual $number figure .
total expenditures in the local budgets amount to $number yuan , an increase of $number percent over the actual figure for $number .
the draft central and local budgets for $number break down as follows : revenue totals $number yuan [ as received ] , an increase of $number yuan , or $number percent over the actual figure for $number . expenditures total $number yuan [ as received ] , an increase of $number yuan , or $number percent over the actual figure for $number .
xiang huaicheng specifically explained : china has formulated the central budget for $number two months earlier than previous years . in the future , we will gradually schedule the formulation even earlier .
meanwhile , through joint efforts by various ministries under the central government and proceeding to formulate ministerial budgets on a trial basis , we have chosen the ministry of education , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of science and technology , and the ministry of labor and social security as the four pilot ministries to report their ministerial budgets at the npc session .
speaking on the central and local draft budgets for $number at today 's $number session of $number national people 's congress , finance minister xiang huaicheng said that there will not be major risks associated with the implementation of the proactive fiscal policy because the state has the necessary conditions .
compared with international practice , there is still considerable room for china to issue treasury bonds .
xiang noted that in light of the impact of the asian financial crisis and domestic contradictions in scant effective demand $date , the cpc central committee and the state council made a resolute strategic decision to implement a proactive fiscal policy ; unceasingly stepped up policy efforts to expand the scope of the fiscal policy role ; paid attention to the role of monetary policy ; and comprehensively applied various means to controlling economic operation .
for the past two years , facts have proved that the implementation of the proactive policy has achieved remarkable success .
despite an increase in both the fiscal deficit and the size of debts , the implementation of the proactive policy has safeguarded social stability , maintained sustained rapid and healthy national economic growth , and raised the living standard .
this is the price the government has to pay for the implementation of macroeconomic control and regulation , and is worthwhile .
judging from the actual needs of the current national economic growth , xiang huaicheng said , the proactive fiscal policy still requires the necessary policy efforts in order to achieve the goals of ultimately expanding internal demand and promoting steady economic growth and to provide guarantee for quality and efficient development in national economic restructuring and scientific and technological advancement .
as long as the state maintains sustained rapid and healthy economic development , constantly increases economic benefits , and records relatively rapid growth in fiscal revenue , its repaying capability will become increasingly strong .
on the other hand , xiang huaicheng added , the state has attached great importance to the issues of national debt and the size of the deficit ; strengthened fiscal capacity and the study of public risks ; strictly monitored the trend of fiscal operation ; prepared the necessary measures ; paid attention to precautions against fiscal risks ; reduced unnecessary expenses ; strove to control the size of the deficit ; improved policy means ; and enhanced the guiding and stimulating role of financial capital .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - addressing $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] on implementing the year $number budget , chinese finance minister xiang huaicheng today called for deepening financial reform , standardizing revenue and expenditure management , and promoting the use of funds in accordance with the law .
to explain his proposal , he discussed the following eight areas : $number .
continuing to tighten investment management and giving full play to the role of macroeconomic regulation and control .
he said : in the past two years , our increased investment in infrastructure has produced the expected results . one of the important reasons for our success is that we correctly chose the investment direction , carried out good feasibility study , and managed the allocated funds well .
this year we must use funds derived from the national debts in the direction chartered by the state council and arrange for their use on a priority basis .
in undertaking technological transformation projects , we must stress scientific and technological progress and industrial upgrading ; we must avoid redundancy of construction in disguise or blind expansion of production capacity . $number .
strengthening tax collection and management to ensure sustained and steady increase in revenue .
xiang huaicheng said : at present , in tax collection and management , we must take additional steps to implement the policy of " strengthening tax collection and management , stopping up loopholes , cracking down on corruption , and clearing up delinquent tax payments , " and we must strengthen basic tax collection and management work , strictly enforce tax collection laws and regulations , uphold the principle of administering tax according to law , and make sure that all taxes due to the state are collected .
all localities and departments must earnestly implement the " state council circular on rectifying locally formulated tax collection policy of refunding collected tax payment . " no localities shall attract investment by refunding collected taxes or by other tax reduction or exemption measures in violation of the tax laws and regulations . to safeguard the unity and authority of the tax laws , no localities shall alter the tax laws and policies in any form or willfully approve tax deferment or exemption ; even less shall they collect " excess tax . "
effective this year , the locally formulated policy of refunding collected tax payment shall , without exception , cease to be enforced .
for those localities that refuse to mend their ways and continue to retain the collected tax payments without authorization , the central financial authority shall appropriately reduce the amount of payment and the amount of special subsidies due to the localities and shall investigate and affix the responsibility of the personnel concerned . $number .
tightening budgetary management and steadily promoting the reform of the budget system .
he said : the main content of the on - going reform of the budget system is to further divide the budgetary categories and compiling departmental budgets .
investigation and study should be conducted to distinguish between different situations and to rationally determine the numbers of employees and quotas of work of a department to provide important basis for compiling the budget for the department and for evaluating the implementation of the budget .
efforts should be made to comprehensively review the budgetary unit 's revenue and expenditure to lay a good foundation for reforming the budget compiling process .
steps should be taken gradually to expand the scope of government procurement to include all office stationery , equipment , facilities , and related services .
in addition , efforts should be made to study the implementation of a centralized treasury disbursement system as a fundamental measure for strengthening management , combating corruption , and promoting clean government . $number .
intensifying efforts to readjust the pattern of expenditures to put more emphasis on key items and ensure that major principles and policies of the party and the government are implemented .
he said : $number , we should gradually regulate the size of the recipients of government revenues to resolve the problem that government revenues support too many people and take care of too many things for institutions . we should use the opportunity of the reform of local organizations to carry out the work of fixing the number of work posts and number of employees , remove personnel that exceeds the manning quotas , and strictly control personnel expenditures .
$number , we should step up the reform of institutions and treat them differently based on their different situations .
we should push business - type institutions to the market and stop providing them with funds from state revenues . we should appropriately reduce the budget of dual - purpose institutions that operate both as a business and as a public welfare entities , taking into consideration their revenue situation and financial capability . we should increase our support of expenditures in the public welfare area to ensure that science and technology , education , social security , agriculture , ecological conservation , and other key areas and fields have the necessary funds to meet their expenditure needs .
$number , we should gradually reduce our direct investment in competitive areas to create a good environment for fair competition among enterprises .
$number , we should increase our financial support of the building of state power , strive to increase the budget for this purpose , and ensure functionaries of state power are paid in full and on time . $number .
doing better social security work and accelerating the establishment of the social security system .
xiang huaicheng said : the main emphasis of social security work at present is to ensure that the basic cost of living allowances for laid - off workers of state - owned enterprises , pensions for retired personnel of enterprises , and subsistence allowances for urban residents are handed out on time and in full . $number .
vigorously promoting reform of taxes and fees and further rationalizing distribution relations .
he said : the entire tax and fees reform program , which has been developed through overall planning , will be implemented step by step .
at present , we have completed the legislative procedures for reforming the transportation and vehicle tax and fees , and preparations for implementing regulations on fuel and vehicle procurement tax are basically completed .
rural tax and fee reform is another major reform measure adopted in the wake of the land reform and the implementation of the household - based contract responsibility system in new china over the last $number years . the party central committee has established the ideological guidelines , basic principles , and important policy measures for this reform .
other provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities directly under the central government may also select a small number of counties and cities for this reform on a trial basis . $number .
strengthening financial supervision and management and rectifying financial and economic order .
this year , we should concentrate on doing well our work in the following several areas : $number , we should exercise supervision over the entire course of state expenditures , especially key expenditures - - from approving the budget and disbursing the funds to their actually use - - to get a grip of their efficiency . investigation shall be conducted to affix the responsibility of the personnel concerned for converting or diverting appropriated funds for other purposes or for causing their losses or spending them in a wasteful way .
$number , we should actively do a good job of managing the budget and the special expenditure accounts and comprehensively implement the management approach that requires " the unit to make out a bill , the bank to collect the bill on its behalf , and the finance department to exercise overall supervision " so as to separate fines and bills from payment .
$number , we should raise the quality of accounting information and implement a system of appointing accountants or a system of chief accountant .
$number , we should step up the review and consolidation of economic notaries and other intermediary organs , regulate the business operation of intermediary organs in society , and strengthen self - discipline within the trade .
$number , we should further improve financial laws , step up financial law enforcement efforts , improve the administrative appeal system in financial departments , establishment and implement a system of responsibility in financial law enforcement and a system of performance evaluation , and vigorously promote the use of funds in accordance with the law . $number .
adhering to the principle of hard work , plain living , and building the country through diligence and thrift , and fostering awareness of practicing frugality and utilizing funds in an economic manner .
xiang huaicheng stressed : at present , in a number of localities and units , wasteful practice of favoring extravagance and ostentation and indulging in pleasure seeking are still very prevalent . incurring losses and wastes in the use of state revenues is quite serious . office buildings , halls , hostels , and guesthouses have mushroomed and become more extravagant . public funds are spent in a big way , and the standards of goods and services purchased are rising .
the masses are very unhappy about this .
xiang huaicheng pointed out : stressing the principle of hard work , plain living and building the country through diligence and thrift is not merely an important measure for ameliorating the contradiction between supply and demand of state revenues ; it is also an important approach to forging closer ties between the government and the broad masses and to fostering the party 's fine traditions .
we must carry forward this principle and persist in it indefinitely from the high plane of strengthening political awareness .
we should establish the necessary system and mechanism in financial work to ensure that this principle is implemented . we should do so by reforming our budgetary management system and improving the financial supervision system .
financial departments at all levels must scientifically and rationally arrange the use of state revenues , strictly enforce supervision and management , firmly oppose extravagance and waste , sternly crack down on embezzlement and corruption , take the lead in saving every penny that can be saved , and prudently and efficiently use money to ensure that the limited state financial resources play an even greater role in reform , opening up , and modernization .
according to our own sources , the state council has , in accordance with the demand put forward in zhu rongji 's government work report on the need to further open the country to the outside world and pay attention to the adjustment and perfection of relevant laws and regulations while guarding against sabotage by hostile forces , recently issued a " five - point proposal " on the question of encrypted communications by foreign businesses in internet security . it is clearly stated that foreign firms will not be required to hand over their encryption keys to the public security department .
as disclosed by authoritative sources in beijing , the state council has recently issued a " five - point proposal " on the question of encrypted communications by foreign businesses in internet security , clearly indicating that foreign firms in china will not be required to turn over their encryption keys when using the internet for encrypted communications . all they have to do is to report their encryption method to the government for the record .
in a way , this regulation contradicts another document previously issued by the ministry of information industry and other departments requiring foreign firms to hand over their encrypted communications keys ( codes ) to the public security department for national security reasons .
sources said the new regulation is of a corrective nature , because the former document " is impractical and difficult to implement . "
impractical and difficult to implement china 's compulsory requirement for foreign firms to hand over their encrypted keys for internet security reasons has aroused strong resentment .
foreign firms suspect that this measure will compromise their business security .
many foreign firms are using internet encryption technology in their communications . this method of communications can be done through a multitude of channels and is full of variations . with china 's existing technology , it is very difficult to conduct a full investigation unless it is locked on a particular target .
the present requirement to report the encryption method alone is just like asking them to give the model of their safes without asking for the combinations .
this protects privacy in internet communications . internet access still subject to restrictions on the mainland no unit or individual in china is allowed to use imported encryption technology . even the use of domestic encryption methods has to be approved . otherwise , it is considered illegal .
china has just organized an internet police force . from the ministry of security to various provincial and city security bureaus , there is a specialized team to tackle internet crime .
sources said that china 's internet security technology is at least five years behind taiwan , and $number percent of its websites are not safe .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - to echo the coastal open belt in east china , which abruptly rose in $number years or so , china is now devoted to building $number " golden belt " of opening up to the outside world in the vast western region .
specialists predicted that the construction of the new " golden belt " will not only be conducive to optimizing the overall economic structure of china , but this new belt will also be able to spread its influence over the central part of eurasia and further help enhance china 's international competitiveness .
the construction of this " golden belt " is a key component part of the strategy for developing the western region on a large scale , which initiated recently .
when talking about the economic restructuring in his government work report delivered at $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , premier zhu rongji especially expounded the general arrangements for the strategy for the large - scale development of the western region and also further placed the opening of the western region to the outside world in an important position .
the reporters were informed by the deputies from the western areas that the provinces , municipality , and autonomous regions in west china have successively worked out a package of new policies on opening themselves up wider to the outside world , assimilating foreign investment , and attracting various kinds of high - technology talents .
the xinjiang uygur autonomous region recently made public its key investment projects in $number sectors , such as energy resources , telecommunications , and environmental protection areas , involving a total investment of $number yuan .
chairman abulahat abdurixit of the xinjiang uygur autonomous regional government , who was in beijing to attend the npc session , said to reporters today that " our goal is to build xinjiang into an internationally commercial and trade center in west china , as well as a " bridgehead " of opening up to the outside world . "
the tibet autonomous region , as the " roof of the world , " also decided to open itself to all investors with a new appearance . it also made public its decision on opening nearly $number key sectors to the outside world , such as infrastructure construction , agriculture , animal husbandry , and tourism .
legqog , chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , said that " in addition to striving for obtaining the state policy and monetary assistance , we should assimilate investment through various channels according to the law governing the market economy . "
it is reported that relevant departments are now striving to increase their investment in the construction of infrastructure facilities in the western region , so as to create an environment more suitable to opening this region to the outside world .
in the next $number years , the ministry of railways will invest a record high amount of $number yuan in the construction of railways in the western areas , including the construction of two big international thoroughfares - - railway lines linking china with kyrgyzstan and uzbekistan and the pan - asian railway lines .
according to the sources from the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , efforts are now being concentrated to work out a detailed table of contents for foreign - funded industries and relevant preferential policies and to discuss the plan for setting up a state - level development zone .
specialists maintained that although the west lags behind the east in many aspects , such as technology , talents , and infrastructure facilities ; the western areas , bounded by $number - odd countries , have favorable conditions for comprehensively opening themselves to the outside world .
china 's western region consists of $number provinces , municipality , and autonomous regions , namely shaanxi , gansu , qinghai , ningxia , xinjiang , sichuan , chongqing , yunnan , guizhou , and tibet . it occupies an area of $number square kilometers and has a population of $number , respectively accounting for $number percent and $number percent of the country 's total .
as of the end of $date last year , the western region approved $number projects for using foreign capital , only amounting to $number percent of the total figure of shanghai . at the same time , the entire eastern region had $number such projects , $number percent of the country 's total .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] held its $number full meeting in the great hall of the people this morning to listen to a report on the execution of the national economic and social development plan for $number and the draft economic and social development plan for $number ; and a report on the execution of the central and local budgets for $number and the draft central and local budget plans for $number .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
tian jiyun , executive chairman of the session and presidium chairman in charge of day - to day business , presided .
as entrusted by the state council , zeng peiyan , director of the state development and planning commission , delivered a report on the execution of the national economic and social development plan for $number and the draft national economic and social development plan for $number .
he said , we also soberly perceive that there are many difficulties and problems in economic and social development : $number , there is insufficient effective demand ; $number , the pressure on employment is increasing ; $number , the increase in peasant incomes has slowed down ; $number , the contradictions in irrational economic structure remain very conspicuous ; and $number , the ecological environment continues to deteriorate in some areas , and there is serious pollution in some cities .
on striving to increase effective demand , zeng peiyan said that it is necessary to vigorously open up the urban and rural markets to actively expand consumption demand ; actively promote reform of the financial investment and funding setup , and strive to create system conditions for increasing demand ; give play to the lever role of prices , to spur economic growth and restructuring ; and tangibly strengthen management and the building of legal system , and standardize and out on a sound basis the socialist economy market order .
as entrusted by the state council , minister of finance xiang huaicheng delivered a report on the execution of the central and local budgets $date and the draft central and local budgets for $number .
he said that on the basis of steady growth in the national economy , the execution of the $number central and local budgets was relatively good .
national treasury revenue was $number yuan , $number percent of the budgeted figure ; and national treasury expenditure was $number yuan , $number percent of the budgeted figure .
revenue and expenditure were counterbalanced , with expenditure exceeding revenue by $number yuan .
xiang huaicheng also pointed out that there are also a number of problems that cannot be neglected in financial work and the execution of the budget : $number , there is still a serious degree of violation of regulations and criminal activities in the financial and economic field ; $number , the treasury guarantee capacity is still not strong , and there is still great pressure on the treasury at all levels ; $number , the pace of restructuring expenditure is not rapid and there is not much intensity in the work , and the problem of the treasury taking on too much is still there .
other executive chairmen seated at the front of the presidium were pabala gelielangjie , wang guangying , peng peiyun , ding shisun , jiang zhenghua , ma zhongchen , wang yunkun , wang chaowen , yin jun , bai enpei , zhu kaixuan , liu mingzu , du qinglin , yang zhengwu , hu houhua , zhang jianmin , chen tiedi , zhao zhihao , gao dezhan , and cao bochun .
the new millennium has arrived and all trades and professions are flourishing .
there were rapid economic growth and comprehensive social development and a new , gratifying prospect was opened up for economic and trade work . "
sheng huaren said : in its economic and trade work $date , china made good progress in the areas of controlling the aggregate supply , making structural readjustment , deepening the reform , and improving economic returns and was expected to comprehensively achieve the major projected targets .
remarkable success achieved in reducing losses or increasing profits $date he pointed out : remarkable success has been achieved in reducing losses or increasing profits $date .
while continuing to cut down on cotton spinning and personnel , the textile industry , which is listed as a potential area of breakthrough in reforming soe 's and extricating them from their predicament , intensified efforts to make readjustment to bring about distinct improvements in its economic returns .
from $date through $date , the net loss of state - owned and state - controlled textile enterprises decreased to $number yuan , which was $number yuan less than in the same period of the previous year .
the petroleum and chemical industries realized a profit of $number yuan , an increase of $number times over the same period of the previous year , and were expected to realize an annual profit of up to $number yuan , an increase of almost three times over the previous year .
the metallurgical , power , tobacco , and gold industries continued to enjoy fairly good profits .
the building material industry got out of the red and the nonferrous metals industry substantially cut its losses .
most industries could achieve or surpass their annual profit targets .
most localities saw distinct improvements in their economic results .
from $date through $date , the economic returns of state - owned and state - controlled industrial enterprises in $number provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities were better than in the same period of $number .
by integrating the help of state policy with the deepening of enterprise reform and strengthening of enterprise management , the three northeastern provinces , which make up a priority and difficult region in extricating soe 's from their predicament in three years , brought about a major favorable turn in the business situation in state - owned and state - controlled enterprises .
key state enterprises ' economic returns rose quite rapidly .
according to statistics compiled on $number key state enterprises that reported their operational information , $number yuan in profits , an increase of $number percent , were realized in $number $number months .
through strengthened management and the implementation of such measures as merger , bankruptcy , reorganization , association , and debt - to - equity swap , the $number loss - making , large and medium - sized state - owned and state - controlled enterprises at the end of $number had been reduced by $number by $date .
sheng huaren said : $date , efforts to execute enterprise mergers and bankruptcies were intensified and debt - to - equity swaps and key technological transformation work comprehensively carried out .
$date improvements were made to procedures for using the reserve funds for writing off banks ' bad debts after verification to concentrate the use of funds on loss - making , large and medium - sized soe 's in the textile , coal , nonferrous metals , metallurgical , military , and other key industries . the funds were used mainly on enterprise bankruptcies and closures to get a number of enterprises that had a long history of running at a loss , had more liabilities than assets , had no hope of getting out of the red , and were exhausted of resources to quit the market to eliminate a number of roots of losses .
on top of the $number projects completed in the previous year that involved $number yuan in verified bad debts written off with the reserve funds , arrangements were made for another $number merger and bankruptcy projects involving $number yuan in verified bad debts to be written off $date with the reserve funds .
by implementing those projects , we should be able to reduce the number of losing large and medium - sized enterprises by $number .
debts - to - equity swap is soe 's " trump card " in shaking off poverty the debts - to - equity swap is regarded as soe 's trump card in shaking off poverty and has society 's double attention .
sheng huaren stressed : the debts - for - equity swap is meant for those large and medium - sized soe 's with marketable products and prospects for development that landed themselves in the predicament because of excessive liabilities and is a new measure implemented for easing the enterprises ' debt burdens . the setc and various departments concerned carried out in - depth investigation , strictly made the final checks , and drew up debts - for - equity schemes for enterprises .
up to now , we have recommended a total of $number enterprises in three different batches for a debts - to - equity swap and proposed the swap of a total of $number yuan in debts for shares and have submitted the lists to various financial management companies and banks for appraisal and examination . of these enterprises , $number have signed a debts - for - equity agreement or framework agreement to generate $number yuan worth of shares . most of them could get out of the red within a year . by the end of the year , we will complete the work of recommending a list of around $number enterprises for a debts - to - equity swap .
to readjust the product mix and improve the competitiveness of enterprises , $date the state took out a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of treasury bonds for use as interest subsidies for enterprise loans for technological transformation .
laying stress on the metallurgical , textile , petrochemical , nonferrous metals , mechanical , telecommunication , and paper industries , we selectively supported sound and strong enterprises and favored old industrial bases in northeast china as well as the central and western regions and made arrangements for the technological transformation of a number of symbolic projects .
so far we have made arrangements for $number such projects in three batches that involve a total investment of $number yuan , including $number yuan out of the proceeds from the issuance of treasury bonds ( $number yuan was arranged during $number ) .
after these three batches of projects are put into production , the major industries will achieve or basically achieve the projected symbolic targets .
as the supply of some products in a number of industries has substantially outstripped demand at the moment , it has become inevitable to control the production and processing volume of some major products .
sheng huaren revealed : by the end of $date , the textile industry had cumulatively removed $number backward cotton spindles and could remove $number spindles by the end of the year to basically achieve one year ahead of time the three - year target for reducing cotton spinning .
in $number $number months , the coal industry produced $number percent less raw coal than in the same period of the previous year and its annual output could be kept within $number metric tons .
based on the market situation , the annual volume of crude oil processed by the petroleum and petrochemical industries could be contained at around $number metric tons as predetermined .
in $number $number months , the tobacco industry produced $number boxes of cigarettes , down $number percent from the same period of $number .
the projected targets for controlling the aggregate supply of cement and glass also could be achieved .
to fundamentally resolve the problem of excess aggregate supply , the setc , upon approval by the state council , published relevant measures and took great pains to rectify and shut down a number of small , technologically backward plants and mines that wasted resources , produced shoddy products , caused serious pollution , and failed to conform to the basic requirements of safe production , laying stress on the coal , oil refining , metallurgical , cement , glass , and sugar manufacturing industries .
$date , major progress was made in the strategic reorganization of enterprises and organization and establishment of business conglomerates .
sheng huaren told this reporter : last year , $number major groups in the war industry and three major groups in the nonferrous metals industry were set up one after another ; work to establish four major groups in the information industry was in full swing ; the pace in preparing large enterprises for public listing quickened ; and the preparations for the overseas listing of the baoshan iron and steel complex [ bisc ] and large business conglomerates in the petroleum , petrochemical , and offshore petroleum industries were being carried out in full swing .
nevertheless , this setc minister was not blindly optimistic about the results achieved $date and reminded the economic and trade sectors that they should not overestimate these results and instead should be aware that the pickup in economic results remained a recovery in nature , that the percentage of loss - making large and medium - sized soe 's remained very high and the amount of their losses remained huge , that the amount of funds used and delinquent loans remained excessive , that there were still quite many problems in the enterprises ' own management , and that there remained quite an arduous task of achieving the target of reforming the enterprises and extricating them from their predicament in three years ' time .
he said : in the area of controlling the aggregate supply to roughly maintain a balance between supply and demand , particular efforts would be made in the new year to control the aggregate supply in the three industries of coal , metallurgy , and sugar manufacturing .
the coal industry should further consolidate and enlarge the achievements in closing pits and cutting down on production to control raw coal output and check the trends of continuous fall in prices and continuous increase in delinquent payments for goods .
the metallurgical industry should sum up lessons from the runaway output $date and intensify efforts to control the aggregate supply .
at the same time , it is necessary to substantially reduce the output of beet sugar and saccharin .
intensify efforts to execute closures , bankruptcies this year $date , efforts would be intensified to shut down and stop the production of small , technologically backward plants and mines that waste resources , produce shoddy products , cause serious pollution , and fail to conform to the basic requirements of safe production to further weed out backward production capacity .
we will comprehensively accomplish the task of shutting down small coal mines and , by shutting down and stopping the production of a number of small steelworks , weed out $number metric tons in backward steel rolling capacity .
the existing national saccharin production capacity should be reduced by $number metric tons and some of the enterprises will have to declare bankruptcy and close down .
sheng huaren said : to fit in with the needs of tackling difficult problems in reform , this year efforts would be intensified to execute bankruptcies and closures .
the reserve funds for writing off banks ' bad debts after verification would be used mainly on the bankruptcies of large and medium - sized soe 's and closures of mines exhausted of resources .
as for a bankrupt or closed enterprise , we must see to it that its business entity is completely annulled and its personnel actually have left so as to resolutely and effectively check false bankruptcies and closures and prevent resumption of production after the debts have been evaded or canceled .
pay close attention to organization , implementation of debts - for - equity scheme the stress of the debts - for - equity work $date would be laid on doing a good job of its organization and implementation so that the agreements for all debts - for - shares projects could be signed in $number half of the year .
we must strengthen supervision and inspection of enterprises under the debts - for - equity scheme and cancel any projects where trickery is found and temporarily halt debts - for - equity projects for all enterprises in the same province , autonomous region , or municipality .
encourage conglomerates to raise funds , carry out recombination by going public sheng huaren said : $date , we would make further efforts to do a good job in preparing the bisc and business conglomerates in the petroleum , petrochemical , offshore petroleum , aluminum , and telecommunication industries for overseas listing and financing and would choose an opportune moment for them to go public to promote the transnational fund raising and strategic recombination of large enterprises and groups .
we will , jointly with other organizations concerned , help with the issuance of enterprise bonds by large soe 's with debt - paying ability that are assessed as meeting the requirements .
market exploitation , particularly the vigorous opening up of rural markets , is listed by the setc as an important task for this year .
on the other hand , sheng huaren pointed out : in expanding exports this year , the stress would be on further optimizing the composition of export products , guiding enterprises to producing readily marketable export products , supporting a number of key export enterprises , expanding the export of products with a high added value and high technological content , and raising the grades and standards of products traditionally exported in large quantities such as textiles , apparel , and silk .
we should make full use of export credit , export insurance , foreign trade development funds , and other means to advance the diversification of the export market .
we should actively carry out extraterritorial processing trade and , through guidance by information as well as policy - based support such as credit and quotas , push dominant enterprises to start up processing and assembly projects outside our territory to bring along the export of equipment , parts and components , and accessory products of the electromechanical industry as well as textile , apparel , tobacco , and other light industries in the country .
at the same time , we should take practical , forceful measures to expand the export of coal , metallurgical , and refined oil products .
pay close attention to studying impact of wto accession as china and the united states have reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto , the day is not too distant when china accedes to the wto .
sheng huaren suggested that we pay close attention to studying the impact of the wto accession on chinese industries and enterprises , come up with a corresponding industrial policy as early as possible , and revise and adjust corresponding policies , laws , and regulations to enable chinese enterprises to gain an advantageous position under the intense pattern of international competition .
looking ahead to work in the new year , sheng huaren felt the weight on his shoulders but also revealed his confidence in conversation .
he said : " we will proceed from the work done $date and redouble our efforts , go to all lengths , and do all we can to tackle difficult problems to strive for a victory in the decisive battle of reforming soe 's and extricating them from their predicament in three years and comprehensively open up a new prospect for economic and trade work . "
reviewing the history of the past $number years upon the advent of $date , we come to know that the origination and development of the information industry are undoubtedly one of the greatest matters $date , as well as another leap in the history of human civilization .
at the turn of the century , the swift development of china 's information industry has aroused the wide concern of people worldwide . meanwhile , china 's information industry meets new opportunities and challenges too .
to this end , wu jichuan , minister of information industry , said with full confidence that grasping the favorable chances of economic globalization and economic and social informationization , the ministry will actively set up a mechanism of fair , just , and open market competition ; give full scope to the directing and driving functions of markets ; promote the sustained and swift development of the information industry ; and make greater contributions to realizing the cross - century grand goal .
information industry 's $number major technical take - offs minister wu jichuan pointed out : computer and communication technologies , as two major technologies of the information industry , have been developing by leaps and bounds $date .
in a short period of just $number years since computers ' invention $date , computers have gone through the evolution of four generations - - electron tubes , crystal tubes , integrated circuits , and large - scale and ultra - large - scale integrated circuits .
today , cpu chip technology has been upgraded to $number microns and is now advancing toward a $number - bit era .
especially , the arising of computer network technology helps integrate computer , communication , and multimedia technologies into one .
in addition to adding a high degree of intelligence to communication networks , these technologies also help redouble the functions of communication networks and computers , make information technologies more applicable , and widen the markets for the information industry .
with regard to the current development situation with china 's information industry , wu jichuan said that over the past $number years since the introduction of the reform and opening - up policy , china 's telecommunications sector has made great headway . a high - speed optical cable - oriented trunk transmission network with a nationwide coverage capacity has initially been set up . based on this , program - controlled digital telephone networks , mobile telephone networks , and public database and multi - media communications networks have been set up to link the urban areas with the countryside and to basically meet the society 's requirements for communications .
when comparing $number with $number , china increased the installed capacity of the public telephone networks from $number lines to $number line , the number of long - distance telephone circuits from $number lines to $number lines , that of international telephone circuits from $number lines to $number lines , that of fixed telephone subscribers $number , and its telephone coverage rate from $number percent to $number percent .
at the same time , the telecommunication networks evolved from human , analog , and single processing services to automatic , digital , and diversified processing ones .
in the meantime , mobile telephone , digital communications , and some new businesses developed more rapidly .
since the beginning $date , the annual growth rate of the telecommunications sector has exceeded $number percent on average . at present , this sector still keeps on a strong upward trend .
in the $date period , the telecommunications sector increased its business value to $number yuan , an increase of $number percent over the same period of $number .
of this total business volume , the value by china telecommunications corporation came to $number yuan , up $number percent ; that by china mobile telecommunications corporation was $number yuan , up $number percent ; and that by china united telecommunications corporation reached $number yuan .
in this period , the telecommunications sector created $number yuan in revenues , an increase of $number percent .
of the total revenues , china telecommunications corporation created $number yuan , an increase of $number percent ; china mobile telecommunications corporation , $number yuan , an increase of $number percent ; and china united telecommunications corporation , $number yuan , an increase of $number percent .
there were $number new fixed telephone subscribers nationwide , bringing the number of such subscribers to $number ; there were $number new mobile telephone users , bringing the total users up to $number ; and there were $number new digital and multimedia mobile telephone users , bringing the total users of such telephones to $number .
mankind will $date toward information - oriented era wu jichuan especially affirmed the brilliant achievements made by the ( hong kong ) china telecommunications corporation since its founding two years ago .
he added that this corporation has had great success and has been concerned and commended by all foreign investors since it completed its realignment and registered itself with the hong kong authorities in $date .
in the latter half of $number , this corporation successfully raised $ $number by issuing new shares to the people and fixing prices for dollar bonds .
it was the largest occasion in hong kong where enterprises issued securities for $number time through markets and in a bookkeeping form .
since then , this corporation possesses $ $number worth of listed securities ( calculated according to the stock market prices on $date ) and has turned itself into the largest listed company in hong kong in terms of the value of listed securities .
mankind will comprehensively enter an information - oriented era $date . advanced information technologies help reduce the distance between different places on earth and make human society closely combined together .
the people 's economic and social life styles are changing along with the never - ending improvements in information technologies . at the same time , new types of communications services , such as electronic business , remote education , remote diagnosis , doing office work at home , and internet shopping , will extensively enter all social spheres .
therefore , $date , the information technological levels and the development of the information industry will become key indicators for judging a country 's modernization levels and overall national strength .
so , both developed and developing countries should consider forcefully developing information technologies and speeding up the pace of informationization as a cross - century strategic task . the world 's competition for information technologies and information industrial development is getting more and more intense .
wu jichuan predicted that china 's telecommunications market will have the following development trends in the next $number years : there will be great potential for developing fixed telephone services , with the number of main - line telephone subscribers to be expanded more than two times and to reach $number .
faced with the challenges that information technologies are developing by leaps and bounds , minister wu jichuan said that china 's information sector must further strengthen technological innovation ; vitalize in an all - round manner the information products manufacturing industry , the communications industry , and the software industry ; and forcefully offer information - oriented economic and social services .
to this end , the ministry of information industry also made some tentative ideas .
$number , the information products manufacturing industry is the pillar and leading industry of the national economy , as well as a key material foundation for developing the information industry .
so , comprehensively vitalizing the information products manufacturing industry and occupying markets as many as possible are arduous tasks of urgent importance .
relevant specialists predicted that the value of such products will reach $number yuan $date .
the ministry will further readjust the industrial structure and realign relevant enterprises . information industrial enterprises should expand technological development and innovation , mobilize forces from all fronts to develop microelectronic products and the new generation of digitized information products , and form mass production capacity .
in particular , enterprises should acquire the capability to design and manufacture chips and to independently develop and manufacture key products for information networks .
$number , software is the key to support the application of information technologies , such as computer , communication , and network technologies . the software industry is called the " golden industry " $date .
when studying the development strategy and ideas oriented to $date , we must consider the software industry as a strategic industry of the state , formulate a package of supporting policies and preferential measures , and set up a mechanism for attracting and stabilizing outstanding persons with software talents . meanwhile , we should rely on markets to develop the risk - running investment industry ; encourage large enterprises , institutions of higher learning , and scientific research institutes to invest in development of software ; and fully mobilize forces from all fronts to jointly develop the software industry .
$number , it is imperative to facilitate the development of the information industry . priorities should be given to the construction and development of information infrastructure facilities .
at the time of using existing optical cables to expand basic transmission networks and popularizing basic telecommunications services , the ministry of information industry will exert efforts to develop and use the most advanced communications and information technical findings of the present age ; speed up the pace of building a new generation of high - speed , safe , and reliable public information networks with a nationwide coverage capacity ; and build state information infrastructure facilities oriented to $date .
while building perfect basic transmission networks and economic and applicable broadband access networks , we should appropriately set up special networks and local area networks based on the basic transmission networks and broadband access networks to be developed , in an effort to make the distribution of modernized networks suitable to the requirements of informationization .
$number , the development and utilization of information resources is the key to developing the information industry .
at the time of speeding up the construction of information infrastructure facilities , we must pay high attention to developing and utilizing information resources and focus on developing and utilizing the information resources in key areas , such as the governments , public sectors , markets , industries , and enterprises .
in the foreseeable future , particular attention should be paid to developing and using information services and electronic commercial information resources .
a series of supporting policies and measures should be worked out to encourage all sectors and all levels to forcefully develop various kinds of information resources and to extensively use all kinds of information services .
at the same time , we should strive to strengthen market standardization , technical norms , credit security , and the supervision over law enforcement ; ensure that such resources can be shared by all ; and make information resources better serve the economic construction and social development .
$number , information technologies should further be popularized among and applied by all trades and professions .
banking , financial and taxation , customs , scientific research , educational , and cultural and public health departments and all government organizations should use electronic and information technologies and communications networks to set up and improve high - efficiency , reliable , applicable management and social service information systems . enterprises , particularly large and medium - sized enterprises , should be encouraged to consider the popularization and application of electronic and information technologies as key means to improve enterprise management , facilitate technological innovation , save energy resources and materials , and improve products quality and added values , so as to improve the economic growth quality and benefits .
china 's economy , technology and development are in a very crucial historical period .
how to make plans for technological renovation , the strategic development of high technology , and the realization of the industrialization of higher technology are of extremely great significance to promoting the revitalization of the country with science and education , increasing china 's comprehensive national strength and international competitiveness , and promoting the sustained and healthy development of the national economy .
regarding this , minister of science and technology zhu lilan told a reporter emphatically that high technology and its industrialization are the commanding heights of this century that must be occupied .
although the road ahead is not smooth , china 's experiences in struggle have given it the confidence of moving toward even brighter prospects .
economy is more , more constrained by market minister zhu said that the reason for prominently emphasizing further strengthening technological renovation and regarding technological renovation , developing high technology , and realizing the industrialization of high technology as work that has a bearing on the future and destiny of the country is closely related to the changes in the general international economic environment and the fact that china 's economy and technology have developed to a considerable stage .
$number , with the gradual formation of the integrated pattern of the world 's economy , economic competition among countries has become more and acute .
$number , with its very rapid development in reform and opening up in the past $number years , china 's economy has also changed fundamentally . this is prominently expressed in the important change from the sellers ' market to the buyers ' market , and the change in economic development from being mainly restrained by resources to being mainly restrained by demand and market .
$number , deng xiaoping 's conclusion that " science and technology are the primary productive force " has been understood by more and more people .
speaking about the current situation of the development of high technology in china , zhu lilan pointed out that at present , the gap between china and the developed countries in high technology research and development and the industrialization of high technology still remains and this is determined by the difference in the level of economic development .
however , on the other hand , being a big developing country , china has its own strong points and characteristics .
therefore , compared with the developed countries , there is a gap between china and these countries on the whole , but in some aspects , china has made development and has even leaped forward .
it is necessary to make renovation independently , to have ability to make development she said the development of high - tech industries requires independent intellectual property rights and the ability to make development . since the beginning of reform and opening up , especially the implementation of the $number plan , china has made great progress in this respect , for example , the shuguang series of computers have been developed , and china also has its own industry for producing large program - controlled exchanges .
these show that only if the developing countries give prominence to their own strong points , can they develop their own new and high - tech industries and increase their competitiveness .
besides , viewed from the dynamic and historical angle , our growth momentum is also very great although our actual strength and scale are still quite small at present .
the existing $number new and high - tech development zones are the main forces of china 's information industry .
since their establishment , their total technological , industrial , and trade income has already reached $number yuan , total output value , $number yuan , profits and taxes handed over to the state , $number yuan , and export volume , $number .
the total amount is not big when compared with the developed countries , but its annual growth rate is $number percent .
the overall momentum is good .
economic development of dualistic structure minister zhu also objectively pointed out that china 's ability to make independent renovation and development is still quite poor , its process of turning science and technology achievements into products and into market competitiveness is still quite slow , there is still a gap between china and the developed countries in the size and quality of the contingent of science and technology personnel , and its policy and investment environment needs further improvement .
she emphasized that at present , china 's economic development on the whole is of a dualistic structure . on the one hand , the process of industrialization has not yet been completed .
therefore , how to integrate informationaization with industrialization , how to use information technology to transform the traditional industries , and how to invigorate the stock of the traditional industries through increasing the use of new and high technology will be an important direction for the development of the high - tech industries in china in the future .
in the process of promoting technological renovation , developing high technology , and realizing the industrialization of high technology , science and technology management departments undoubtedly have undertaken unshirkable important historical responsibility .
regarding this , minister zhu has deliberated the key points of the work in the next step of the ministry of science and technology : $number , it is to shift the center of work to the orbit of developing the social productive forces .
in the world today , the integration of science with the society and the integration of science with the economy have become the general trend , and knowledge is going to become the most crucial production factor .
this requires the science and technology management personnel to understand not only the laws governing science and technology development , but also the laws governing economic and social development , and the laws governing the intrinsic connections between science , technology and economy .
only in this way will they be able to comprehensively understand and grasp the connotation of science and technology work , and to better guide and promote the healthy development of science and technology work .
$number , it is necessary to shift the focus of work to creating a policy environment .
with the constant improvement in the market economic structure , the effects of creating a policy environment may be far greater that those of solving a certain concrete problem in the work of science and technology management .
therefore , in promoting technological renovation , the ministry of science and technology will pay greater attention to basic , macro , perspective and " marketization " contents .
this does not mean to reduce the role of science and technology management departments at all , but is to establish functional departments that react rapidly , operate efficiently , and regulate and control effectively .
$number , it is necessary to have a comprehensive view of the overall situation , give prominence to key points , and bring about leaps and bounds in science and technology development .
it is necessary to resolutely smash the structural fetters resulted from barriers between departments and regions , and solve the longstanding problems of scattered strength , waste caused by duplication , and poor efficiency .
it is necessary to strive to make breakthroughs $number in crucial fields that have a bearing on the national economy and the people 's livelihood and on national security , and in fields with a considerable foundation and advantages , bring about the development of technology and technological industries by leaps and bounds , and strive to stand at the forefront in the world competition .
in the " $number five - year plan , " which will soon be formulated , the ministry of science and technology will fully expound this idea .
$number , it is necessary to strengthen combination , cooperation and integration , and systematically promote technological renovation and the industrialization of high technology .
to strengthen technological renovation , it is necessary to resolutely get rid of traditional demarcation lines between departments , regions and branches of sciences that have been formed under the planned economy structure . it is necessary to systematically promote work in various aspects through widening our visions and in the spirit of good cooperation .
besides , the ministry of science and technology will pay greater attention to giving play to the role of local governments and science and technology departments , encouraging them not to stick to conventions , but to boldly carry out experiments and explore modes and roads of development that are suitable for their respective conditions .
in particular , after changing the structure of science and technology institutions and the localization of management , various localities have greater space for the allocation of science and technology resources , and they have better conditions for playing a positive role in technological renovation .
when asked about the impact of china 's joining the world trade organization (wto) on its science and technology , zhu lilan said that this is a very good propelling force because china will participate in a more open competition and science and technology will face a market with greater demand .
she said that after it joins wto , china will face greater challenges and opportunities on issues such as the readjustment of the agricultural structure , the increase of the peasants ' income , the great program of developing the western region , the raising of the overall industrial technology of the state - owned enterprises , and the better development of crucial technology and general technology .
therefore , what is important is that china should have strength in competition .
for example , the level of china 's computer integrated manufacturing systems (cims) $date could not be compared with that of other countries at all . at that time , no one was willing to cooperate with us even if we wanted to .
with our efforts in the past $number years and more , china has greatly increased its comprehensive national strength .
today , $number enterprises are carrying out cims demonstration projects and have obtained very good results . the beijing no. $number machine tool plant has even been awarded a leading industrial prize by the united states .
it can thus be seen that as long as we depend on science and technology , we shall be able to upgrade our enterprises in their competition with foreign countries and in their design , management processes and economic results and china will be able to move to the forefront in the integration between science and technology , and enterprises .
be brave to blaze new trails , usher in situation of opening up wider to outside world minister zhu specially mentioned the renovation system of the country and emphasized that it is not a simple project .
she pointed out that being the government , it should create an environment for all sectors to display their creativeness and enthusiasm .
enterprises must become the main body in technological renovation before they are able to participate in the international competition today .
in particular , since china reached the wto agreement with the united states , the entire development has inevitably been in a more open environment . we cannot refuse to open up , but instead , we must welcome it on our own initiative . what is crucial is to be good at learning from others , and on the basis of this , we must carry out renovation and form our own capability so that we can really give play to our advantages , which have been developed after others .
" in $date , it took $number years to double the total volume of human knowledge , but $date , it will take only $number days to do so .
therefore , if human beings cannot catch up in their studies , they will become new illiterates . "
speaking about the knowledge society in the new century , zhu lilan said that in the future , it will be knowledge that promotes development and creates wealth . in $date , the capitalists will not be money capitalists , but knowledge capitalists , and only capable personnel with knowledge will be able to take part in the world 's competition .
of course , the so - called " knowledge " is not general knowledge , but knowledge that can be used for renovation .
the world 's competition does not believe in tears .
she said that once the sense of renovation is changed into concrete actions , very big changes will take place .
for example , in a remote place in yunnan where the ecological environment was quite poor , a system for upgrading agriculture has been jointly promoted by the government , technological personnel and local peasants and fundamental changes have taken place in the entire ways of production .
therefore , we must establish a very important guiding ideology in developing high technology today : " not aristocrat - based , but common people - based . "
" in carrying out economic structural adjustment , we not only should solve current prominent problems , but , more importantly , should set eyes on long - term development . "
while discussing the " report on the work of the government , " the hainan delegation attending $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] completely echoed a call in the report to forcefully carry out strategic adjustment of the economic structure .
the deputies said , having suffered from being eager for quick success and instant benefits , they have begun to realize the good of being down - to - earth .
$date , hainan achieved marked results in adjusting its industrial structure - - historical breakthroughs were made in developing its tropical high - efficiency agriculture and island tourism industry , which are the two pillars and key industries of hainan .
the province 's agricultural added value was $number yuan , up $number percent , and the agriculture 's contribution to the province 's economic growth was $number percent . the province played host to $number tourists $date , with a total revenue of $number yuan , of which both were all - time highs .
the province 's tropical agriculture and its unique geographical location were transformed into a potentially very strong industrial advantage of the province .
deputy wang xiaofeng , governor of hainan , said : in carrying out industrial structural adjustment , we must seek truth from facts and have a long - term plan .
a few years ago , when hainan was established as a province and a special economic zone , attracting many people from other provinces and abroad to hainan to seek development opportunity , the province bore the notion that it might get rich overnight .
the " bubble economy , " which was mainly demonstrated by a trade and real estate fever , caused serious damages to hainan 's economic development , pushing the economy to a low ebb at one point .
drawing a lesson from the bitter experience , hainan has since then set sights on its good ecological environment and its unique resources and re - established the industrial strategy of building itself as a base of tropical and high - efficiency agriculture and as an island tourist resort . at the same time , it has developed high - technology , high - value - added , and high - efficiency industry which does not cause pollution , does not require redundant construction , and does not destroy resources .
the practical industrial structural adjustment has laid a sound industrial foundation for hainan , enabling the province 's economy to develop rapidly and the economic results to improve ; as a result , the quality of its economic growth has improved notably .
deputy du qinglin , secretary of the hainan provincial cpc committee , said : hainan 's industrial structural adjustment is based on , from a strategic viewpoint and bearing the overall situation in mind , making use of the resources for hainan 's development , studying the market trend , deciding strategic industries to be developed , and bringing about industrial upgrading by making scientific and technological innovations . in addition , through structural adjustment and linking the industries , we have effected new economic growth on an industrial base at a higher level .
having gone through the change from " getting rich overnight " to " working in the light of the reality , " many hainan deputies said with deep reflection : industrial structural adjustment must be carried out in the light of local conditions and we must be pragmatic .
in accelerating development , we must not again take the old path of extensive management or the low - efficiency approach , or follow the path of " bubble economy " .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - li lanqing , political bureau standing committee member of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , deliberated over the government work report with deputies of the sichuan delegation to $number session of $number npc this afternoon , and listened to the deputies ' opinions and suggestions .
the deputies gathered in the sichuan room , the great hall of the people , and vied with each other to speak in an atmosphere filled with enthusiasm .
key topics discussed by the deputies in their speeches were active efforts to seize the great opportunities presented to sichuan by the development of the western region , exploitation of resources , ecological protection , economic structural adjustment , better incomes for the peasants , and vigorous efforts to develop scientific educational undertakings .
" the premier 's report sought truth from facts , and highlighted key issues . we were greatly inspired after hearing the report , " said deputy zhang zhongwei , who was $number to spoke . " at present , the gap between sichuan , which is a greatly populated western province , with provinces and municipalities in the east are widening .
sichuan 's failure to keep up will affect the overall situation of western region development and hold back national development .
we have a very rare opportunity at present , and we must understand , treasure , and seize this opportunity and accelerate development . "
deputy wang kezhi expressed his opinions on the issue of education for teenagers . he opined : we should earnestly transform our educational concepts , increase our awareness for quality education , and foster correct views on skilled people and education . we should accelerate the reform of the curricula and teaching materials for primary and middle schools , and strive to improve the quality of teachers . we should attach great importance to and improve home education and social education , and create a fine environment for accelerating the development of educational undertakings , so as to train high - caliber , skilled people to carry out the great development of the western region .
deputy liu yingming pointed out : we should give priority to educational development during the information era because education determines a nation 's rise and fall .
to develop the western region , we should $number focus on training professional people , and create a fine environment for innovative people to grow .
deputy gao xianming , who is the party branch secretary of zanli village in luqiao town of luding county , sichuan province , " did not beat about the bush " when he spoke . he said : the party central committee urged us to cut less and plant more trees . we promulgated a decree to ban logging , and ended $number years of history for dadu he , where logs drifted down , but a problem that accompanied this was the reduction of peasant incomes . the peasants worry that they will not have enough to eat after we revive farmland , forests , and grassland , and they hope the government will give sufficient attention to this matter .
he also urged everyone to attach importance to the educational and economic burdens of primary and middle school students in rural areas , and to improve educational conditions in civilian - run primary schools .
deputies chen dejing , huang xuejiu , zhang zuoha , and li lemin respectively expressed their opinions and made suggestions on the issues of how to strengthen water conservancy construction when developing the western region , development of high and new technological industries ; accelerating the development of educational undertakings in ethnic regions ; and strengthening ecological environmental protection during the development of western region .
li lanqing listened to the deputies ' speeches , carefully took notes , and now and again asked deputies for more details as well as exchanged opinions with them .
after listening to the speeches of eight deputies , li lanqing asked relevant state council departments to earnestly study the deputies ' opinions and suggestions , and expressed his opinions on issues concerning the implementation of the strategies for the development of the western region and for developing the country through scientific education .
deputy chi haotian , who is member of the cpc central committee 's political bureau , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councilor and concurrently minister of national defense , today [ $date ] in deliberating the report on the work of the government by the delegation of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] attending $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] , emphatically pointed out : it is necessary to clearly understand the situation , keep firmly in mind our mission , and strive to create a new situation in the modernization of national defense and the army .
chi haotian said : our army is the strong pillar for the people 's democratic dictatorship and assumes the sacred mission of defending national security and protecting social stability .
officers and solders of the whole army must firmly hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , rally even more closely around the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core , consciously submit to and serve the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , penetratingly implement military strategy and policy in the new period , actively promote the building and reform of the armed forces , and strive to raise the level of our army 's modernization to a new high . chi haotian emphatically pointed out : we should consider the " three stresses " education as a long - term strategic task .
we should , through conducing education on " three stresses , " more firmly establish our confidence in building socialism with chinese characteristics , constantly enhance our consciousness of implementing the party 's basic theory , basic line and basic program , firmly adhere to the party 's absolute leadership over the army , resolutely protect the authority of the party central committee and the central military commission with comrade jiang zemin at the core , consciously maintain unanimity with the party central committee and the central military commission with comrade jiang zemin at the core in our thinking and action , and obey orders in all our action .
chi haotian said : we should vigorously train and cultivate new types of military personnel with high quality , conduct deep - going training in science and technology , and strive to improve our ability in directing military affairs and mastering a modern war .
we should further carry out reform and improve the mobilization system for national defense and actively take part in and support the massive development project in the western region .
chi haotian emphatically pointed out : in the wake of successive return of hong kong and macao to the embrace of the motherland , people of the whole country even more eagerly expect the early settlement of the taiwan issue and early realization of the complete reunification of the motherland .
taiwan is an inalienable part of china 's sacred territory . the chinese people will never allow the split of an inch of land from the motherland 's territory .
for a long time , the separatist forces in taiwan , by relying on the support of certain big countries , intentionally sabotage the principle of one china and obstruct the course of peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait .
last year , li denghui [ li teng - hui ] openly dished out the " two states theory , " took an extremely dangerous step on the road to split the motherland , and seriously undermined the cross - strait relations .
the chinese government and people have always kept a high degree of vigilance toward splitting activities by taiwan 's separatist forces and have waged resolute struggles . this has shown the strong determination of the chinese people to oppose a split and protect unification .
in order to protect the interests of all chinese people , including our compatriots in taiwan , and defend peace and development in the asia - pacific region , we will continue to adhere to the policy of " peaceful reunification and one country with two system , " and continue to follow president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal for developing cross - strait relations and promoting the course of peaceful reunification of the motherland .
however , if a grave turn of events occurs leading to the separation of taiwan from china in any name , or if taiwan is invaded and occupied by foreign countries , or if the taiwan authorities refuse , sine die , the peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , then the chinese government will only be forced to adopt all drastic measures possible , including the use of force , to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and fulfill the great cause of reunification .
the pla must strengthen preparations against war , be ready at all time , and assume the sacred task of protecting the unification of the motherland when the situation requires .
we must tell taiwan 's separatists in all seriousness that those who stir up a fire will burn themselves , and choosing " taiwan independence " means choosing war .
those troublemakers who rely on foreigners to strengthen their own position and sabotage reunification will certainly come to no good end .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - zhu rongji , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee politburo and premier of the state council , this afternoon attended a plenary meeting of the hunan delegation to $number session of $number national people 's congress . he listened to the views and suggestions if the deputies in examining and discussing the government work report and also took part in the discussion in his capacity as a deputy of hunan province .
the deputies spoke in enthusiastic fashion , and at times interposed in the discussion on the issues raised .
wu jihai , a deputy from a minority - nationality area , spoke $number . he proposed that the state should support the development of minority - nationality areas and intensify the work of tackling tough problems in poverty relief .
the minority - nationality areas should display the spirit of relying on their own efforts and going all - out to make the country strong , and adopt measures such as restructuring , returning farmland to forest , and developing medium - sized and small enterprises , in order to change their backward state .
deputy zheng maoqing said in his speech that the reforms of state enterprises have achieved great progress in eliminating losses and increasing profits , restructuring industry and products , and establishing a modern enterprise system .
in order to continue to develop , they must carry out restructuring , practice strict management , refrain from acting in a showy fashion or making a fuss over trivialities , and do their work in a thoroughly sound way .
deputy wu zongyuan spoke of seizing the opportunity of the great development of the west to exploit regional strong points .
in view of the flood - fighting situation in the dongting lake region last year , deputy cai lifeng from yiyang in hunan proposed a series of measures for self - salvation through production in the disaster areas .
regarding agriculture and rural work , he proposed that it is necessary to attach importance to the peasants ' interests , and step up the building of a socialized service system for agriculture , to provide financial and fiscal help for the rural areas .
deputies duan youlin and li youmei also gave their views on a number of problems in grassroots rural work .
zhu wan , zhong zhihua , and liang wengen spoke on high technology and its industrialization , developing the enterprises through science and technology , and how to resolve problems facing economic development .
after earnestly listening to the deputies ' speeches , zhu rongji gave his views on rural economic issues .
he said that in the present situation of grain supply exceeding demand , which is a problem of structure and of the present stage , we absolutely cannot neglect and shake the status of agriculture as the basis .
as a major agricultural province , hunan particularly needs to further consolidate and strengthen agriculture and speed up agricultural restructuring .
guided by the market , it is necessary to respect the peasants ' wishes , and adopt effective measures in production and circulation to guide the peasants to reduce production of varieties that do not sell well and expand output of agricultural produce of high quality and high returns .
it is necessary to seriously sum up the experiences of practice , further perfect the relevant policies on reforming the grain circulation setup , and persist in wide - open purchase of the peasants ' surplus grain at protected prices ; at the same time , we should appropriately readjust the scope and relevant policies of purchasing grain at protected prices , so as to protect the peasants ' initiative in growing grain , promote restructuring of agricultural production , and reduce the state 's financial burden .
the state council recently issued regulations on withdrawing a number of grain varieties from the scope of purchase at protected prices , and all localities must seriously implement them .
zhu rongji emphasized that it is essential ; to do everything possible to increase peasant incomes .
in the present circumstances when the peasants ' burdens are rather heavy , lightening their burdens means increasing their income .
all localities must strictly carry out the state 's policy measures on lightening the peasants ' burdens and take proper stock of all types of irrational charges levied in the rural areas such as for education , the peasants ' house building , and the use of electricity .
carrying out reforms of rural taxes and charges is a fundamental policy for lightening the peasants ' burdens , and it is necessary to do a good job in organizing trial points .
deputy wei jianxing , who is member of the political bureau 's standing committee and the secretariat of the cpc central committee , today [ $date ] attended $number plenary meeting of the heilongjiang provincial delegation attending $number session of $number national people 's congress [ npc ] . in deliberating the report on the work of the government , he emphatically pointed out the need to seriously study and penetratingly understand the spirit of the important speech made by comrade jiang zemin at $number plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection early this year , firmly implement the policy of tightening party discipline , effectively strengthen supervision , improve the party 's style of work , promote the building of an honest and clean government , and constantly deepen struggles against corruption .
further stabilizing and strengthening agriculture as the foundation of the country and promoting the strategic adjustment of agricultural structure are key points of deliberation by members of the heilongjiang delegation today .
deputy wang guoxue suggested that we should further protect the farmers ' enthusiasm in production and increase warehouse and storage facilities in principal grain producing areas .
deputy xu zhenhu pointed out the need to attach importance to the work of reducing farmers ' burdens and establish an effective restraining system .
deputy zhao jinchun held that , in order to promote the development of agriculture and rural economy , we must increase investment in foundation facilities for agriculture and speed up the pace in building small towns .
deputy yang xin suggested that we should actively guide the rational flow of surplus labor force in rural areas and make greater efforts to implement the policy of procuring grains at protective prices .
deputy wu nanjun , who is from the grassroots level , made the following suggestion on behalf of the vast peasant friends : the government should strengthen services for farmers , promote the development of rural economy , and quicken the pace of enabling farmers to increase their income .
after listening to the deputies ' extensive opinions and suggestions , wei jianxing spoke on how to further strengthen the building of a clean and honest government and the struggle against corruption .
he pointed out : to implement the policy of tightening party discipline , we must $number of all set strict demands on leading cadres at various levels .
leading party cadres must strictly observe requirements set by the party constitution and " three stresses , " have a firm belief in communism , earnestly practice communist morality , and firmly establish a correct world outlook and concept of life and value .
we should stress party spirit and principle , and always put strictly observing political discipline in $number place .
to the overwhelming majority of party cadres , improving the party 's style of work , building a clean and honest government and waging struggles against corruption all depend on education . we should keep prevention in mind , strengthen our ability to repel the corrupting influence , and be prepared for an unfavorable turn of events .
we should establish an ideological and moral defensive line in addition to a line of defense with party discipline and state law , but the key lies in strictly keeping to the ideological and moral defense line against corruption and placing this line in the front .
leading party cadres must consciously follow the norm of being honest in performing official duties .
in light of the developing situation , we should promptly set new norms for our behaviors , remind party members in advance , and integrate the cadres ' official work and code of ethics with the norm for a socialist market economy .
leading cadres should not only set good examples of self - discipline with clean hands but also firmly adhere to the principle of doing two types of work at the same time and attaching equal importance to both . they should strictly implement a responsibility system for promoting a good party style and building a clean and honest government , supervise cadres under their jurisdiction as well as their own spouse and children .
while laying stress on strengthening self - discipline of leading cadres at county ( department ) or above levels , we should also set strict disciplinary demand on leading members of state - owned enterprises and leading cadres at township and town level and strengthen supervision and administration of those personnel .
wei jianxing emphatically pointed out : in order to implement the policy of tightening party discipline , we must strengthen supervision and inspection work .
we should check the situation of implementation of the party 's line , principles , policies and decisions . we should promptly expose and investigate and handle activities in serious violation of political discipline .
while strengthening and improving the work of handling the people 's letters and visits , we should take the initiative to supervise and check the situation . the party organization 's supervision should be closely linked with leading cadres ' performance of official duties and other activities .
we should continue to promote openness in government administration and in factory and village affairs . the important thing is to overcome the situation of over - concentration of power by leading members of some organizations and their lacking supervision and engaging in covert activities .
we should strengthen the practice of mutual supervision among members of a leading group .
we should attach importance to the role of news and public opinion in supervision .
however , we must not simply copy the democratic mode of the western bourgeoisie .
wei jianxing pointed out : we should supervise matters before problems occur . at present , we mostly supervise matters after problems happen . this is necessary .
however , there are many problems that are hard to investigate if we do not supervise them at the beginning .
those problems will likely happen again . from now on , we should supervise matters early .
we should pay attention to the symptoms of problems because a straw can show which way the wind will blow , so we should prevent problems at the beginning . after the convocation of the $number cpc national congress , party committees and governments at various levels have through deepening reform adopted a series of measures to prevent and eliminate conditions that may generate corruption at the beginning .
to strengthen supervision , we must proceed from studying the system , mechanism and administration of units to be supervised , get at the root of problems , and prevent and bring corrupt cases under control at the beginning .
wei jianxing stressed : to implement the policy of tightening party discipline , the key lies in being strict in discipline .
by exercising discipline in a strict manner , we can curb the spread of corrupt tendencies at the beginning .
only by resolutely punishing corruption , can we show the party 's determination , gain trust from the masses and effectively educate cadres .
at present , certain things are worth noticing in this respect . some people within the party are " seeking good relations with all and sundry at the expense of principle , " establishing vulgar relations with other , and being soft and lenient in exercising discipline .
toward those corrupt and degrading cadres who dare to disregard party discipline and state law , we must punish them in a severe manner .
not forcefully punishing those cadres will only generate negative results .
toward those who hide the truth and not report corrupt cases , delay the handling of those cases or set up obstacles to obstruct investigation and handling of those cases , discipline inspection and supervision organizations must seriously deal with them .
discipline inspection and supervision organizations that work with no or little efficiency in investigating and handling corrupt cases or derelict in their work should also be investigated for their responsibility .
exercising discipline in a strict manner is not practicing punitiveness or punishing without prior warning .
we always advocate a prudent attitude in dealing with people and we will pay attention to dealing with each case on its merits according to policies and law .
beijing , $date ( xinhua ) - - leading cadres should do a good job in the mass work , emphasized li ruihuan , national people 's congress deputy , standing committee member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , and chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , this afternoon at the tianjin delegation 's meeting on discussing the government work report .
the tianjin delegation held a plenary meeting this afternoon at the tianjin room in the great hall of the people .
while discussing the government work report , tianjin 's deputies vied with one another in expressing their ideas in line with tianjin 's actual circumstances .
deputy lu jinfa said : at the turn of the century , the situation spurs us on . the key to fulfilling the fighting goals defined in the government work report lies in drawing - up of measures and firm implementation of these measures .
deputy wang jiayu said : to accelerate the commercialization of houses , it is necessary to resolve the problems concerning the unreasonable prices of commodity houses and the relatively high management fees of real estate . after doing this , the common people will be able to buy and live in private housing .
